DEATHS. On the Sth inst, 3tatNaples, the Lady Victoria Susan Talbot, after a :engthenedillness On the evening Of the 4th inst., at Upper Norwood, Robert N. H. W. Fox. aged nine months, the youngest son of Thes. Fox, MI.D., StaffSurgeonl, late P. M-0. New Zealand. On the 6th inst., at Dudlonnell Elone, M,rs. Christina_ Mackenzie. wvidow of thenlateurdoLlackenzi Esq.,of Andos.sdDundonnell, cesahlre, Scotland. On the 7th inst., at 19, South-street. Thurtue-squiare Eromupten, Mliss Ann Fox Seacole, after a long and very paiul illness. On the 9th inst., at Newecatle-on-Tsye, uged 75, Ann 31itchell, relict of Noel Thee. Smith, M.D. On the lth inst., at his house in Upper Eatou-street William Wilmot, Esq., in the 91st year of his age. On the 10th inst.. at Great Linford Rectory, 'Bucksa Elizabeth, widow Of Samuel Sharpe. Esq., and eldedt daughcwer of the late Richard Teale, Esq., Cap'tain. R.N. On the 11th inst., at Keymer, near Brighten. Daniel Vanaittart, son of Henry Chamler, Eaqr., aged 5 years and? 7montss. On the 11th inst, at 3_, Sassex-rdens, Uyde-p"rk, EmUiy, the beloved wilte of Major.General F. S. Hewkisa C.S., Bengal Axmy. On the 12th inst., at 495, Myddelten-EsunarL, Charles Sh1mw, Esq., of the Stock Exchange, aged SLP On Thursday morning, the 12thL inst., at Penrose. Cornwall, thu Rev. John Rgers, d3IA., canoni residentiary of Exeter Cathedr-al, in his 78th yrear. On the 12th inst., at his residence, Stamforl-hi4 Mr. John Oliver, late of Wiuchmore-hill, aged 74. On Thursday, the 12th inst., at 7, Marlborough-buildings, Bath, P'rances Philips. widow of James Dan sFq., and daughter of tlhu On Thursday, the 12th inst., at 47 HilUdrop.crescent, Camnden-road, Alexander Br-allen, Esq., formerly of 64, he. John-street. West Smithfield, aged 67. On Thursday, the 12th inst., at Se2ainstont Isle of Wight. the seat Of Sir John Slimeon, Ear'., Edmund Rodney llabxfe Devon, Eq. in the hst year of bin age. e r,E On the 13th inst., at No. ,30 North-bank, Regent's-park, Sarah, the wife of John Lucas, nuE6. On the 13th inst., at Mansfield, Notte, Mrs. Ramnsbotban, incthe 76th year of her age. On the 13th inst., Maria, wTidow of the late John HoIan, Ear., late of BelgCave-street south, Pimniea, aged 77. On the 13th inst., mset deeply lamented, Mr. George fernes, of Great Vine-street, Regent-street, third son of the late T. M1. D,ennes, Eas., of Basnmn Hall, and KettLestoe.e in the county of dngorfolk. On the 13th inst., at Grove-hill.terrace. Cansberw,R Mlr. Francis VincentElmier, late of the Bank of England. His end was peace. on the 13th inst., of bronchitis, muich lamentedI by his wife and family. M1r. Thomas Willlam. Duff, aged 66, upward.- of 44 years a clerk in the Bank of England. On the 13th inst., at AshbTumham-mgrove, Greenwich, Frances, relict of the late John Geese Jones, as, of Rythe, Kent, in her 67th year. On the 13th inst., James Clarlk, Fusq., of DansfordI Ledge, Claphamrise, and Billiter-street, city, in the 45th year of insageg. On the 13th inst., at WGolwlch, Lieut.-Gen. Thomas Paterson, aged 76, Colonel-Commandant of the 5th Battalion Ro)al~Artillery. On the 13th inst., in her 219th year, Sat-ala Ann the b,eloved wife of MNr. Wm. Drane, 21, St. Panl's-road, Camden-town, and eldest daughter of the Rev. E. Giles, Newport, Isle of Wight. On the 14th inst., in Great Coram-street, Ideut. George Read, R.N ., and K.T.S., eged 62. on the 14th inst., Anne Law, the beloved wife of Mr. Thomas Jones. of Holly Bash Farm, LYmapue, Kent, seconoi daughter of Mfr. Gen.' Plickett, of Oxford-street, aged 2o. At his residence, No. 8, St. Mfartin's-terrace, Dover, Robert Graniger, Eas,late of the Cape of Good Hone, aged 83.
AAURICA. We have two arriva1s frm the United States. The Fulton arrived of Cowes on Saturday morning, en route to Havre, with the Prench and English mails 14 passengers, and $487,158 in specie for Rlavre. She brought advices from New York to the 31st of MIay. Among the passengers was Mr. IEH. Aspinwall, bearer of despatches from the United States' Government to London. By the arrival of the Royal mail steamship Canada at Liverpool we have advices from New York to the 3d, and from Boston to the 4th inst. , The Canada brings $542,651 in goldbars and coin from Boston, and 6001. sterling from Haelifax,- and 141 passengers, among -whom are Mri. Crampton an.d Mrk. Ex-Consul Barclay. The Ne w YorkTribunle censures lr.Macyfor ba'; ing withheld any notification of the dismissal fromal the dismissed until the afternoon of Wednesday, when, as one of the officials observed. the Asia ias safe beyond Sandy Rook, and out of reach of the telegraph; and even then Mr. Crampton -war not informned that the Consuls had also been disise, but was left to learn that importnt fact from the newspapersthenextmorning. "Unless,"itsays, " We hear some better explanation of the Ceircu nce than has reached us, we must hold that this contriving to get one steamer ahead of Mr. Crampton on his own side of the Atlantic redounds not at all to Governor Marcys credit; and we apprehend that it will not be regrded with complacency by the British Cabinet. We suspect that MIr. Dalla's tenure of diplomatic service at London is more fragile than is generally believed-; and we are quite prepared to bear by the steamship which wi leave England on the 14th inst. that he has been proffered every official facility for taling himself speedily out of the British dominions. If our executive desires to be sustained in its prospective diplomatic collision with Great Britain it must pursuo an open, frank, ingenuous, and manly course. Any attempt to make perseonA or party capital, or to gain a paltry or pettifogging advantage,will.be certain to redound to its own serious injury." The NeTw York Journal of Commnerce thbiks the last despatch of Mr. Marcy is couched in terms adapted to disarmn resentment. The Cottrier andZ Etqztireranticipates that the dismissalof lM. Crampton would cause deep regret in England, and would be wannly resented by its Government. The Srew York Times says the actua dismissal of Mr. Cramp*ton had been miuch less disquieting than even the rumours of the event, owing to the moderate tone of 31r. Marcy's despatch. It does not anticipate serious difficulty -with England. Of the Cincinnati Convention the A.Ttv York Herald says ;- "The Democratic National Convention assembled atCincinnat, at noon, yesterday, amid the roar of the EmDnire Clubs artillery. Colonel lIedary, of Ohio, was selectea s. temporary chaimnan. Committees on credentials, organization, and platforms were chosen, and the convention adjourned till 10 o'clock this mornming. Of course thcse preliminary proceedings were not concluded without the usual uproar. At one stage the Benton delegates, from -Xisouri, Iho had been excluded from the hall knocked down the door-keepers, and forcibly gained admittance. Bowie knives and revolvers were drawn, to the infinite terror of il the peacefully-disposed patriots present. No harm, however, resulted from this demonstration. General John E. Ward, of Georgia, has been chosen by the Committee of' Organization chairman of the Convention. The trouble of the Mssouri and lNew York delegations had not been adjusted up to a late hour last night. The Hards aud Softs are to argue these cases before the committee to-day. The Bentonites will probably be rejected. The excitement at Cincinnati is intense." The Courier and Enquirer asserts that Mr. Buchanan was really the favourite. The Orazaba has arrived at New Yorkl rom San Juan del \orte. The Costa Rican army (according to American account) had evacuated B`icaragna. owingto the prevalence of sickness, and Walker had entered Virgin Bay. There was, it is said, no British blockade, Captain Tarleton, of the British frigate Eurydice, having no instructions to interpose anly interruption to the landing of passengers or munitions of war. In consequence of -this intellig,ence the vessels comprsing the Anerican squadron, wvhich had assembled at Key. West, would not visit San Juan. General Mlora condemned the action of his troops in destroying the wharf at Virgin Bay, and displaced the officer who ordered the outrage. The Presidential election in Niicaragua had been conducted in an orderly, and peaceable manner, and terminated in the return of Patricio Rivas, the Provisional President. The common council of New York had voted $1,000 to welcome Mr. M. Fillmore on his airival from Europe. An insurrection is reported to have brok}en out at Hayti against the Emperor Soulouque. The following United States' ships of war were assembled at Key West :-The Potomac, the Frlton, and the Cyane. The _New York7 Times says that a disgraceful attempt was made on the Saturday night previous to M1r. Crampton's departure to insult him by setting up a serenade of tin kettles and implements of that class in jeering derision beneath the windows of the British Consul's private residence. It was, however, frustrated by the active vigilance of the police. This is denied by another journal, wlhich savs the only serenade was by a band, which played " God save the Queen" on the previous night. Again referring to the dismissal of the Consuls, the HeralJ says " For the three Consuls who are also dismissed the feeling here is very sympathetic, though doubtless sympathy is the last thing they require. Both Mr. Barclay and Xr. Watthew were long and favourably known in the communities where they resided. The country would have been well pleased had the President allowed them to remain." Advices from the Sandwich Islands state that Kilio was no longer threatened by the flow of lava. The King was about to be maaried to an Englishwoman namned Rook. The wires having broken down, our usual telegraphic despatches rit Halifax could not be despatched. In reference to the dismissal of Mr. Cranipton, the WNVashington correspondent of the S'ew York Herald says - " It ought to be known that some days ago, when the dismissal of Mr. Cramrton was under consideration in the Cabinet, the President sought an interview with him, and roposed an amicable suspension of the relations between Linself and the Secretarv of State. This MLr. Cramptoe promptly declined- indeed, its absurdity would seem to be sufficient to discrait the proposition. After this, not contented withhis position,the President sounded Mr. Crampton upon the question of closing the embassy,whichwvas thought to be a pomt of vitality in the relations of the two countries. MIr. Crampton w;as equaly non-committed upon this point. Itwonld be difficult to creditelramours of anyotherAdministration than thatof Franldin Pierce. Theattemptindeedto compromise the matter with the chief offender, to preserve the relations of amity between the two Governments bythe agency of the party charged and about to bedismissed,wasan egregious diplomatic blunder. The FrenchMlnisterhas been the intimate and confidential adviser of Mr. Cramipton inthe whole matter; they awaited the despatch of Mr. 3Marcy, and, having received it as a disgusting blunder, in accepting the apologies of the British Government and at the same time dismissing Mr. Crampton, they determined promptly to close the embassy, having secured all the advantages they could desire. It is not difficult to perceive that Louis Napoleon is actively fomenting the impending disruption between Erigland and the Imted States. Itis well umderstood here that the present proceeding is the first step towvards the active operation of the alliance announced in Parliament by Lord Clarendon between France and England to takeplace in American affcirs;-the disnissal of Mr. Crampton, the closing of the embassy, the equivocal conduct of the Government of France towards the American officers, all foreshadow the designs of France and England on this side of the water." The Spanish squadron sailed fromiHavannah for Vera Cruz on the 25th ult. 3Much excitement was caused at Havannah in consequence, as it was suispected that the demonstration was in some way connected with the affairs of Central America. An agent had been sent to Spain in order to submit to the horme Government the necessity of i3nmediate action against GeneralWalkeras a means of preserving Cuba to the Queen. The French ship-of-war Penelope had left for San Juan, and a comamissioner had been despatched to confer with the Costa Ricans. Kansas news states that eight pro-slavery men were killed on Potawotamie Creek by the Abolitionists. In the New York money-market the supply of money considerably exceeds the demand, which was very moderate. Large amounts of capital were offered on call as low as 7 per cent. In thestock-market a very large business had been done at advanced prices. The rates of exchange were dull, witha downward tendency, at 109; on London, 5f. 16.le. Paris, 360f. Hamburg, and 79f. Brernen. The cotton-market was without animation, holdersrequiring higher rates. The sales had generally been at an advance of Ac. Mbur 30c. lower on the low grades; common to straight, $5 25c. to X5 60c.; conmmon to good Ohio, $5 90c. to $6 10c.; Southern 25c. lower. Corn irreaular. Pork lower, but closing firm; mess, $17 hOc. to $17 75c.; prime, $14 50c. to $14 60c.; Western prime, $16 25c. to $16 o0c.; Beef firm. Lard heavy. 3Bacon scarce. Haams lower. Spirits of turpentine firm. Iron heavy; sales small; Scotch pig, $29 to $30, six months. Freights better. Cotton to LiveTpool, 3-16d. to 7-32d.; flour, 28. to 2s. 3d.
OZNY-MARKEand CITY INELLIGENCI Saturday Evehnbg. The English funds opened this mornintg at the lower prices of yesterday, and a subsequent tendency to recovery was merely temporary. Consols forJuly were fLirt quoted 934 to 94 ex dividend, to which they returnecl after having touchled 94*. The transactions of the day were unimportant, and the markets are not likely to exhibit any material change until the view of the Government shall have been made knowvn with regard to the American despatch announcing the dismissal of M.Ir. Cramptoni and the English Consuls, and the necessity or otherwise of meeting it by requiring the withdrawal of 3fr. Dallas. tonsol Scrip left off at 2Ji premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 93W to 94 ; :New Three per Cents, 94f to i; India-bonds, Os. to 9s. premium, Exchequler-bonds, 990 to A; and :Exchequer-bi'lls, Os. tO 9S. PremniUnl. In the discount-market to-day money was again in rather increased demand, consequent upon the amounts gradually being absorbed by the Bank in conne-ion with the loan and revenue receipts. The fnrther large increase of bullion shownv by the last return, and the steady arrivals which are likely to continue from a'l quarters, create, however, a feeling of confidence which, but for the American queslion, wrould most probably have manifested itself in the prices of all descriptions of securities. A fresh reduction in the Bank rate of discount soon after the payment of the dividends seems to be generally anticipated. The business in foreign securities was singularly limited, having comprisedonly the folloving transactions -.-Mlexican Three per Cents., 22 [; Turkish Six per Cents., 99-. ; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 103.k andi. In consequelnce of the holyday on the baptism of the Imperial Prince there were no quotations this evenling from the Paris Bourse. Advices just received rnention that some considerable amounts of gold are likely to be remitted from Constantinople to this country. The Lord Mayor has remitted l00,OOOf. to the Prefect of the Seine, as a first instalment of the London subscriptions in aid of the fund for the sufi'erers by the inundations in the south of France. The commercial letters from Newv York by the F.llton state that the dismissal of Mir. Crampton laid not produced any effect on the prices of securities, it bei;ng stated in the private advices from WVas:hington that the Cabinet anticipate no seriouLs troubles from any of the questions at present in dispute with England. A notice from the Treasury that the Government are prepared to continue purchasing United States' stocks also tended to support confidence, since it wVas assumed that these purchases would have been suspended if there had been any apprehension of hostile results. In the course of a week or two the disbursement would tale place of 1,550,0001. in specie from the Treasury vaults, in payment of the Texan indeniity. MIeanwiule, a large arrival of gold had been announced from California. The railway meetings of the week have not been inmportant. The shareholders of the London and South-Western Railway have approved the several bills promoted in Parliament, in compliance with the standing orders of the House of Lords. At the Iondon and North-Western meeting the various bills before the Legislature have been agreed to. The report of the Bombay, Baroda, and Central Indian Railwiay states that the surveys have been made, and that the portion of the line sanctioned by the East India Company is in progress of construction. The shareholders of the South-Eastern Company have authorized the directors to raise 253,0001., being the remainder of 600,0001. originally agreed to be provided, and to proceed with the bill for making a railway from Beckenham to St. MIary C'ray. MIeetings of the WVimbledon and Croydon, the Carmarthen and Cardigan, the WVells and Fakenham, and the Norfolk companies have been held, at each of which. the bills pronioted in favour of the several undertakings have been supported. The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to 650,0001., chiefly in gold. Tne exports are estimated at abouit 200,0001. A prospechts has been issued of a company to extend the operations of the Riultsdorf mills, estaWished at Colombo, in Ceylon, some years back for the manufacture of cocoanut oil. The increasing cuiltivationi of the cocoanut in the island seems to warrant a belief that a larger amount of capital may be profitably employed in connexion with it, and the proprietors therefore propose a company with limited liability, and a capital of 100,0001., to which they make over the undertaking at its actual cost. The inmmediate stum required for the purchase, together *,with the enlargements contemplated, will not exceed 60,0001.. and the remainder is to be called up only in case a still fuirther expansion should be found desirable. Shares to the amount of 30,0001. have been taken by the promoters, and, according to a report of 1r. Coleman, the accountant, the undertakling, judg-ing from the buisiness of the last tvwo yeBars, should 3ield a return of 11 per cent. The annexed information in connexion with the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Mfiningf Jwtrual "- The mining-market has not been so very active this week-, though numerous inquiries hae been madefor shares. The heavy dividend stocks have been offering at rather lower rates, vith the exception of Devon Great Consols shares, whichl maintain their price. At Dolcoath meeting the accounts showred a balance in favour of adventurers of 1,6S2l.; a dividend of 41. lOs. per shara was declared. AtWheal IWargaret meeting the accounts showed a baiance in favour of adventurers of 1,340.; a dividend of 21. 15s. per share was declared. At Wheal Seton meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1,2941.; a div idend of 21. per share was declared. AtPedn-an-drea Ulvnited meeting the accounts shoNved an adverse balance of 4451. At Gramnbler and St. Aubyn meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1.531. At Great Wheal Fortune meeting the accounts showed a balance against themine of 4:i5I.; a call of Si. Gd. per share was niade. At Cwm Erfin mneetingthe accoints showedabalance in favourof themineof S471. At Lady Bertha meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1261. ; a call of ls. 6d. per share Was made. Att Sithney Wheal Buller meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the adventurers of 3401.; a call of 3s. per share wvas made. At East Wheal Vor meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1,31.; a call of 2s. per share was made. At Caniborne Consols meeting the accounts slhowed a balance against the mine of 2251.; a call of 1L per share was made. At Wheal Margery meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 310?. At Wheal Edward meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of .589?. At Tees Side meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 231. At Duke of Cornwall meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,326?.; a call of 21. per share was made." With regard to foreign or colonial mining aclventure the follownng are the only paragraphs of interest.- - The directors of the Kapunda Mining Company (South A ustralia) have received advices to the 6th of March from their manager in Adelaide. Labour was abundant, and everything was goin- on satisfactorily; the water was completely under cotron and the various lodes yielding fair returns of ore, 'he total raise in February being 292 tons, of nearly 20 per cent. average produce. At the smelting works two furnaces were in full work and turning out about 25 tons of regulus weekly. Arrangements had been completed for forwarding 100 tons of regulus to 3lelbourno for shipment, per the Marco Polo, to Liverpool, and a further parcel of about 500 tons of regulus and copper ore was waiting freight. "The South Australian Copper Company lhave received -adrices dated M,arch the 5th, in which their agent states*Since my Last I have kept Wellington at the smelting, and I am glad to say with better results than before. By making sonne alterations in the engine, by narrowing the di- niensbons of the furnace and altering the position of the noz7zles, we were enablMd to gain such an intense heat that Wellington succeeded in getting a respectable quantity of lead ; and, moreover, the slags wlhich lhe produced proved on trial to be quite clean. Altogether, Welington is now very sanguine, and I hope the diffculty may be said, at last, to be overcome, as we have found that both the slags can be rendered thin and tie lead separated. It now only remains, by a continuous workling of a few days, to get the furnace into a proper v:orking condition-that is, to have everything thorou.ghly hot, and the bottom saturated vwith as mucli lead as it vwill take, when we will weigh the charges of a parcel of ore of Ilown produce, and ascertain the economi. cal result from the product of pig lead. Having driven, as I informed you in nmy last, four fathoms in the country by the side of the lode, 1 have turned to cut across it. We are now driving in the lode, and gainiing across it as we proceed. We have thus driven nearly three fa:thoms on this course, gaining about seven feet in distance through the lode. The part of the lode through whicl we have thins cut has been composed of blend mixedAwith lead, there being more gallena with it than there was in the bottom of the winze above.'"
RAILWAY AND MINING SHABES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market has been quiet, owing to the arrangement of the account, but quotations on the average have been fairly supported. French and Belgian continue to exhibit heaviness. Indian delcriptions present little alteration. In the shares of the Australian land companies there was a sEght flatness; Canada closed 130 to 134. Riga Railway shares were lower, the advance of yeaterday not having been fully maintained; and the last quotation was 2- to 11 pm. The shares of the Ottoman Bank wvere a shade firmer, and left off at If pm.; Bank of Egypt, I to 3- pm.; NVestern Railway of Austria, 1.Q- to 2. pm.; Bank of Swvitzerland, par to i pm.; Pernambuco, I to i pm.; Lombardo-Venetian 5'} pm.; National Discount Company, Ito - dis. WRestern Bank of London, 2i to 1: Iondion and Paris, 4 to 2 dis.; and Alliance, 2 to 1 dis.
RAILWAY INTELLIrENCE. DDUNDEE AN&D A1-R.RATTT- The report of the directors of this company states thatthe increase in the traffic for the half year ending the 30th of April last amonnted to 1,0971. as compared with the traffic of the corresponding period of 185S. The increase of traffic for the year ending as above amounted to 2,3281., and the increase in the expenditure to 3321., showing an increase in the net profit of 1,9961. The total receipts for the year ending the 30th of April last amounted to 28,9451., and the working expenses to 13,3931. (or 4G-27 per cent.), leaving a profit on the working of 15,5527. The receipts for the year ending the 30th of April, 1855, amounted to 26,6171., and the expenses to 13,0611. (or 49-07 per cent.), leaving a profit on the working of 13,5561. The directors recommended a dividend on the ordinary shares at the rate of 34 per cent, per annum for the past half-year, payable on tfie 1st July next. The line had been re-laid with new rails of 751b. per yard; those originally laid down weighed 4Slb. per yard. The expense of relaying up to 4Slb. peryard was charged against revenue as tear and wear, and the difference between that and the 751b. per yard was charged to the capital account. The whole of the company's line, with the exception of 12 miles of single line, had been relaid with the heavy rails. On the completion of a new station at I)andee, and of the relayingr of the line with rails of 751b. to the yard, it was intended to close the capital account. It wzas expected that the gradual increase of traffic would have a beneficial effect on future dividends. GLASGOW AND SOUTH-WESTERN. A special meeting of this company was held in Glasgow, 'on Friday, SIr. Andrew Orr in the chair, to consider and approve of two hills, in compliance with the standing orders of the House of Lords-the one entitled "A Bill for making a Railway from Castle Douglas by Dalbeattie to the Glasgow and South-Western Railwav at Dmnfries ;" and the other, " A Bill for making a Railu;ay from the Town of Maybole to the Town and Harbour of Girvan, to be called the Maybole and Girvan Railway." The SECRETARY (Mr. J. Fairfull Smith) read the heads of the bills providing-1, that the Dumxfries and Castle Douglas Company should be incorporated with a capital of 120,0001. to be raised in 12,000 shares, and that of this sum the Glasgow and South-Western Company should have power to contribute 60,0001., and to take a corresponding number of shares in the new line. They also took power to make an arrangement as to traffic and for working the new line. 2. That the Maybole and Giran Company should be incorporated with a capital of 68,0001., to be raised in 6,800 shares, to which the Glasgow and SouthWestern should have power to contribute 20,0001. and to take a corresponding number of shares, &c. The CiuirmIA- stated that the present meeting had been called under the Wharneliffe standing order. These bills had already passed the House of Commons in such a state as to meet the entire approval of the local shareholders and the directors of this companiy. From the arrangements already made they would be very cheaply constructed, and though they might not be directly productive to the Glasgow and south-Western, they would benefit the country through which they passed prodigiously, and indirectly augnent the traffic on the main line. The probability was that jthese lines would be extended further into the country. The Dalmellington line had already been opened for mineirals, and ho expected that it would be opened for passen- I ger traffic in the course of a few days. Thev expected that the Ifne thence to Maybole woufd be I opened in the month of August. These new lines wouldbe of great advantageto the main line. They had just passed through a very vexatious time, caused by the great strike of the colliers and iron miners, but the trifling degree to which the traffic had suffered from that cause should give them a high opinion of the resources of the lire. That strike was now at an end, anid in a week or tv,o they would see the results in an augmented traffic. Ee moved the approval of the bills. The motion was seconded, and unanimously agreed to, after which the meeting separated. LLA?!TIDhLOES AND SOUTH WALES. Meetings in favour of this projected line from Lianidloes F to Llandovery were held on Tuesday, 'Wednesday, and Thursday last, and resolutions were unanimously passed, pledging support to the undertaking. The object is to complete the link of railway communication from theerailways no;r being constructed in North WFales from Shrewsbury and Oswestry, which terminate for the present at Ianidloes, to the Vale of Towy Railway, wrhich is now in course of construction from Llandilo to Ilandovery. The lengtlh of the projected line will be 41 miles, and the cost is estimated by Mr. Hopkins, the engineer of the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway, and Ur. Samuel, the engineer of the Vale of Towy and Llanelly Railways, who are joint engineers of the proposed line, at 6,000!. per mile. The Ine will afford railway communication between Manchester and Milford-Haven, and confer great local benefits on the district between Llanidloes and Llandovery. A meeting of shareholders in the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway was held at Llanidloes, on Tuesday, at which the proposed railway was unanimously approved. On the following day a meeting of landowners and others interested in the district was held at Rhayader, Mr. T. L. Lloyd in the chair, when a resolution was unanimously adopted, pledging the meeting to support the undertaking. On Thursday, a meeting of shareholders in the Vale of Towy Railway was held at Llandovery, Captain Lewis in the chair, and z similar resolution was passed. It was stated that many of the landowners on the line had already initimated their wilingness to take the value of their land in sbares. TarP, AlAns.-The British aald North Anericaa mail steamship Asia sailed from Liverpool forNewYork on. Saturday with a large cargo and 100 passengers
THE CORN TRADE. LIVERPOIL. J1tTmi4 The yeturns of sales of Bsitish wheat, as per " Gazeteg- for theo 'week ending the Mthinsk., are ID0,653.quarters, at 67sL 9d, Per quarter: corresponding week I8&5, 8,9.1-9 quarters at 77lL 5d. per quarter ; ditto, 1854, 51,182 quarters, at rog. 9d per quarter, showing muchL arger deliveries by our farmers at present thanL moet of our trade were prepared to expect BathLer liberal supplies from thq United States have been receivtd on and since Tuesday, those reported bein.- represented by 1.4,431 quarters of wheat, 32,000 quarters of Ind1ia comn, and 18.700 barrels of flour. ThLe -weather,-although variable th-a last few days, is on the whole highly favourable, andI prospects, botha as reards corn and root crops through West Lancashire, are'encon - raging. At yesterday's market there was a6 fair attendanceo7 GobM red wheatwas held at Tuesday's price, hut a few lare piaYceisbf American white, of secondary quality, were taken', oni a slighxt concession being made. Indian corn had the largest share of attenition, and a good buiiness was done in it, at fully 6Gd. per quarter advance bv er Tuesday, Yellow, 2gs. 6d. to Zfs., and white 3ie. toll1s. Gd. jper 4Glb. oats id. per bushel higher, and very few here. To-day prices geVerally are supported, beit no highner, except for Indian com ainiflrer - d. per quarter on yesterday's quotationj. Considerable rain hasfail the last 2i hours. NOTTlGHa3f, JrNEr it.- 'Thefiret twvoor three dyayof the week were exceedingly fiue and warm, temPting some of the persons owning forward grass lands to put the sitlie to work. Rain set in onxWednesday, andhLas continued to fall at intervals over since. The breadth cut consequexitl$' i.4nbt large. Mdowing will be general next week, if the presenit appearance 0f finer weather be realized, ~Nearly everything look-s romisind, the only exception being some of the turnip crops, woich are hcing- destroyed by the beetle. As a remedy for thLis pert has at length, been discovered in SIr. Morris's machine, it is to be hoped the destruction after this season vciii be greatly checked. At oair market to-day the supplyof lwheat was very limited; an, advauce of 2o. was fully obtainedl. Quotations. of malting barley nearly, nomainal. Oats and heasmnaintainedltheirvalue. The present prices of grain and fiour in Nottinghamt are as fol.' lows :-Wheat. white, old, 7sa. to 83s. per 36 stoen; new, 7fs, to 3sb.; red, old, los. to Ifs. ; new, 65s. to 6sa. ; barley, for sniiultlg~ 4Ie. to 45s. per quarter: for grinding, 3Ie, to 8so. ; oats, 21s. toSt2s.per 24 stone ; bans, old, 50a. to 5se. per 3S stonxe; new, 1is. totI7a.;douar, super, LIe, to 5S5, per 20 stone ; fine, 49o, to 52ts. LEXOESTEIt, Juvn 12. On the sehole there has been another week- of fine weather, and thg crops are rapidly imnproving. The sea-son is favour-able, for the sowing of swedes, end the ground in no formner season has been in a better conadition to receive the seed. The apparetly settled state ofthe wea~ they has induiced farmers to commnence the hay harvest. During the goast fortnzigt the isuproveosent in wheat has been considerable, and1 had wet cnetinuedasuch longer, seriotes consequeneces would have re-, sulted The late mild temperature and dryness have, however, done all that could have been desired, and the wheat plant in nearly every district of the country is lDookng extremely healthy. The same improvement is apparent in barley, about which there was considerable anxiety. Should the s-eason continue satisfactery there is reason to expects full avenage yield. The crops!, of hay will be veryl isrge. The sithe is now partially at work; and, should the weather continue fine, it wil be generally so in another week. The young potato plant is looking very healthy,and it has madle great progress during the week. The price of fat stock hat undergone very little change. At our own market, with a good supply o)fbeasts,last week,'s prices were resl'zed. There was agood supply of sheep, which sold at rather reduced rates. Beef, 7d. to 7lAd. ; muitton, Yet to 74,d. per lb.I The corn-market to-day was moderately supplied with wheat, and there was a fair attendance. In prices anx acivuaco of 54. per quarter occurred, the best white samaples realiinug 7Us., while good red macin Its, per quarter. Little barley was on offer, and quotations showed no change. The supply of oats was stmall and sales took, place at an advance of Is. No variation scas noticeable in beans, of which there was an avenage supply. Prices :-Whito wheat, 75s. to 77e. ; red, lOs to 7bs. ; barley,42o. tot4Ss. ;ocate, 32s. toS3Gs. ;besus-,48s. to 5ts. pcr quarter. Fine flour, Sl1s, to 52s. ; seconds, 50s. per 20 stone. DERBY, Ju.an it. The weather sinice the last report has been favourable, the temperature being, until within the inst two days, dry. The little moisture which has since fallen will, however, be of no detrimeLnt to the crops, The accouints respecting wheat are, for the most part, very cheering. In South Derbyshireit islooking particulaLrly well. In the neighbour hood of the Peak the cold weathier kept thxe crops generally in a baickward state, but since the fine weather set in a benleficial change has occurred. WTith respect to barley the opinions ore various. This description of grain was in danger of being injured by excess of rain, but the recnt fine weather has improved the plant. Bemsn promise an abundant crop. Should the weather remain favourable, at prolific yield is expected. There are complaints us to the appearance of oats in some distnricts, but generally their progress is consideredsatisfactory. Grass is abundant; in nearly all parts of the county the crop willbe great, Only dry weathertsnow necessary tosecure it. Reports respecting the growth of the potato plant are favourable. This vegetable has come up remarkably well, and looks as healthy as could be desired. Fat stock has this week comimaded full prices, At our owni market, withi a good supply of beasts, there was a brisk sale at excellent prices. Of sheep antd lambs the showv was good, and no alteration in prices tookplace. At our corn-market to-day the show of wheat was small and the attendance of farmers, hr., rather numerous. Alitlough the wheat trade wvas inactive, an advance of 2s. per quarter wvas obtained. Good 5amples or white svheatrwezledIso., and red 74sper quarter. Sales of barley were effected at the fullprices of last week, grinding qualities realizing 45s. per 30 stone. In oats there was a fair trade at an advance of is. Beans brought an. advance of fully Is. Prices:-White wheat, 76s. to 7Is. ; red, 7ts, to 74s. per quarter; grinding, MS. to tOo, per 30 atone; old oats, 3bs. to 3k.; new, 28s. to 3ls. per 24 stone ; old beaus, 5Os. to 2st. ; new, 45s. to 47o. per 38 stone ; flour, 5SOs. to 5kr,; super ditto, 5sb, to 5Os. per 20 stone. 1,INCOLN, JuaNE 14. Through the remarkably fine weather, all descriptions of vegetation are making meet sati1sf actory progress. The wreathier being favourable for turniip sowing, farmers are proceeding w-ith the planting of swedes. During the last three wveeks the improvement in the wvheat crop has been very rapid. On the poorer soils, zalthough there ore some instances where the plant does not look so generally healthy, yet upon the whiole there is every probability of a very excellent yield. A greater breadth of lradhas been sownu thani heretofore, and Prospects, under all circumstancse, are highly satisfactory. Barley shiows a favourable appearance. This plant, it waa feared, would suffer from the drenching rains ; but the fiue weather having ret in, with net too high a temaperature, a mared improvement has taken place. The past fortnight's flue weather has earned grat improvementina oats. Like other desriptions of spring corn, it has experienced the benieficial influence of t-he mild temaperature. The reports respecting braus are encouraging. Farmnera concur in the impression of their looking better than for several past seasons. Peas are also growing remarkably fast; the plant is of good colour, and gives good promise. The hay crops are neariy at maturity, and it is expected they wilprove veryheavy. Potatoes arecoming up well. Fat stock-has underone nochange this week. AtIPeterborough the supply of beasts wvas good, and theme was a dull sale, beef realizing 8so. per stone. Sheep were a large show, and mutton sold at 7d. per lb. At Boston the number of sheep was large, and mutton brought Ojd. to 7d. per lb. Our com-mairketysazterday was fairy supplied with wheat, the attendance of farmer and merchants being satisfactory. The wvheat trade was moderately active, and an advance occurred of to. to Is. per quarter Some of the best esamples of whlite realizedl sil., and those of red I4s. Barley being scarce, good grinding quallities realized lbs., an advance of Is. per quarter; the business was, however, limited. Of coins the supply was moiderate,_ andI price were fully Is. dearer. Beans were an average supply for the season, and also fetchedl an advance of Is. P1rices :-W%hite wheat, lGs3. to Ubs. ; red lOs. to 14sk; barley, 35ats) 3Ts. ; oats, 3Ds, to 32la per quarter, DONCASTER, JuanE 14 The weather has beenufavourable for the6growvingecrops The temperature has ranged between 63land 70 degrees (Fahrenheit) in the daytime, anid frequent and occasionally heavy showers have occurred, Mesciallyyesterday and Thursday. The accounts from the country to-clay represent the wheat crops on the host drained lands as looking remarkably strung audheaithy, though witli perhaps, in somae cases, a superabnmdance of straw. The clay landshavebeon much benefitel by the re-cent showers which have loosened tine surface anid allowed the planitto make progress. From the lowlevels there are some complaints of oxcees of wret. The limestone wheats are in fine condition, the only fear being as to whcther their growvth maty not have been too rapid. On the light, sandy soils the wheats are also doing well. The earliest descriptions will, it is expectedbhe in ear in about a week- fromn this time, and the crop generally will be well shot in about ten days. 'With favoumable weather after that period wheat would be ready for reaping by the firetweek in August, end with hot forcing weather in the interval han-eat -e-onild beeon some days at least sooner than usual, Barley, a more tender plant, has not thriven so well under the late large quiantity otf rain. It is not only not of so good a colour in many places as it ought to be, but the plant is n3ot so forward as could be desired. It is however, believed that no mnischief has been done that maynot ho repaired by warml, sunny weather; but as the breadth of this grain towns is limaited some anxietY is expressed as to the safe mnaturing of the crop. Oats are progressing, with the exception that thle stem has been rather weakened by the late rains, and nowv wants fine weather. Beans never3looked3more healthy,and, if they should escape hefBy, wil prove a most prodluctive crop. Peas also are looling well, the weathier having suited them. A large breadth of potatoes is newv above ground. Theypresenta healthy appearance,the only drawbackbeing that the early sorts have been much retarded by the frosts. The grass crops are luxvuriant, anid many of thieni wfi soan be readly for the sctbe. Some seeds in this neighbourhoodl will be cut next week-, if the weather should hold up, and after that period maowing willbecomegeneral. These remarks show that lneweather is greatly needled for all the crops. It is also required for the completion of tunrip-sowing operations. At our market to-day we had again only a moderate supply of wheat. For selnat there was, however, the demand was mush more than sufficient. Many of the factors wvere unable to do husiness at all, and re. tired early. i,lBIlerabought only forimamediate requirements. Prices -werevery irregular. Thle general quotations ranged from Is. to to. per load 12s. Sd to 5s. Id. per quarter) on the rates of hast week, but as much as to. 6d. per lord (Go. M. per quarter) in advance wasrealired in some instance. Althouigh the extreme advance established wnas more than tine presnt state of the trade generally warrants, yet it is the opinion of some that good fresh Eniglish wrheats will folly maintain their value until the newecropinisgot in,large mimportations fromAmne- the Continent will probably continue for some weeks. Seveml thousands of quarters of Russian have, it appears, been imported into Hull and more islooked for. A sample vas exhibited here to-day for which 6s. per quarter was asked. It is stated that this grain is fnding a consumption, being mixed with English vheat. The barley stands exhibited very few stimples of either ma'ting or grinding qualities, and only one or two of foreign. The demand was rather brisker, and prices were the turn higher Fine fresh sweet oats were vorth from ls. to 2s. more money. First-rate samples were very scarce. There was a good show of beans; less money was taken where sales were pressed, but the trade was limited. The following are our quotations :-Wheat, at 27g. to SO& per load of three Imperial bushels; fine, 31s. to 33s. x.; blendcomn, 24s. to 2ts.; rye, 1s. to l0s.; new beans, 17s. to ISs.; old bean-s. 2Oo; gray peas 16s. to ls.; white, 16s. to 17s.; 'new oats, 2Ss. to 29tO per quarter; fine, 30e. to st. Wd.; grinding barley, 36s. to bSs; malting barley, 4Qs to f3s. The corn-markets in this district have again experienced a further advance, owing to the continued decrease in supplies. The improvement haeranged from Is. to Ss. per quarter, the extreme advance, however, occurring in only one or two instances Barley has sold for about Is. per quarter more money at several markets. Oats, beans, and ples have participated in the upward movement, eand are quoted Si to ls. per quarter higher. The cake trade has bemir tm, and prices are rather higher. Hlour is also dearer. The cattle trade during the week has agaim beenbrisk and bothbeef and mutton have realized a further improvement. The fast wool-msarket for the season was beld here to-day. There was a fair quantity on offer. The Vwet weather interfered with business. The current rates for dealers' lots were 17s. to 1fs. per stone of 14be. We have had some copious sbowers since moming. NORTHAMPTON, Jmrn 14. Thigweek therehasbeen splendid weatherfurtheprogressofvegetation, apid the crops have greatly improved. Upon some of ourwheat landsethisplantloobs most luxurianit, atid promiseswith favourable weather a large yield. Btarley is also looling exceedingly w4l witht some exceptions ; dry weather is, however, wanted, Beans promise an tiexelet crop. The prospect of the Potat*rop are atisfactors-. Fineweather is sow desirabeto securitetlia6hy, At oarmwkettoy - the attendance of deialers was tolerably good and the shLow of wbeat an average one.. Goodl samples of white wheast sold. for Its, The price of spring corn -sre on the advaLnce. NWhte wheat, 5LSAto 77S.,(red,72s.,tD74s.:ba-rley,'385to425.; oats.2Gto32s.;beans,43, to 5S.s per qiuarter. WORCETER Scatr 14, Some very acceptable rain has fallen thiLs week;- but to-day bail and thunder have done some little damage. *The -appearance of the cok-n grope is heathy. The potatoes (which are very largely plantedI this is.ar on accoUnt Of the comparative cheapnesqs of seed) are looking, se'marlrably stronig, andT at present Promise an abumdant yisid, The hope are fast approachiing the middle* of the Poles; and, though V.a patclrsituations the flyhas ma-nifeated- itself, there areagrea 4' =ayfieplantations on the Herefordshire side whichha-,e a vigoroUS appearance, without any special indication of blight. The market to-day was well attended, and Prices bad a tenden~y upwards. English white wheat, 9s. 6d. to 9a 81, and red, .Sd, in t gm. 44. per bushel; foreign, Is, to Os. 64. ; barley, 4s 3d, to Uo. 61L; new English beans Be. to 6s, 24,, aind old. Ge, Sd. to 7i. per bushel: English Oats, 4s,6d. to 4a, d, -per I9Ib. ; Irish, 3.24. t6A i4. a; -vetchies, Be. to G, Gd, Per bushel; white Peas. Si to Es. Gd.; and gray49. 104.to Si24,.per bushe'l Last Woreester averages :-yheat, £3 5s.4d.; oats,.£1lOs;aend beans, £2 4s,84e per quarter. - GLOrSTER, Just, i4, Thereiscoontinued flrmness in the grain trade, with an increasing value for good qualities of wheat. New English 'wheat 71st to 74k- Per quarter for white, and 7ts, to 72s, per quarter for red, Chokce Danube. EG6, to [GS& per 4801bk, and Brallow, ,6sit to Lie. English malting _ barley, 35s. to 40s., and grinding, 38G, to 37s. per qualter; Irish barley, &A, to M8. per lOdb. New Engslis beans, 43s. to Ms., anid old 45s. to 455. per quarter; Egyptian, 35s. to S6s,; and French and [Ditch, 40s, to 4fs. per 8-S511b. Irish oats, 2ks 64. to 25s. per 312Thb; black oats, 23s. 6d. to 24s.,; anid foreign, weighing 39ib, to 421k, 265 to 285. Yleas. 50s. to &is. per Quarter for breakiers, anA 42s, to Mi,j Lot grinders. The neighbouring mark-ets have been well supported. Ai Cheltenham, on Thursday, the day being wet, the attenidancis was limited, but the business transacted was at fully last week-'s rates, At Stow-on-the-Weld, on Thursday, the declared official averages of corn sold were :-Wheat, £2 Os., and beans, £2 23. 8d. per qsuarter. At Tewkesbury, on Wednesda%y, the supply of wheat was short, and this, together with the firmness at Mark-lane, cauLsed an upward tendency in prices Engli4it white whneat, Os, to Os. 64,, and red.5, S.94 St to , per bushel. Molting barley, 5s. to 55, 3d ; and grindling, sd. aper bushel. English oats, 3s. 3d. to 3s,6. C; and Irish, Is. to 3s. 3d, English beans, 5si 3d. to 5s, 94. ; and foreign, 4s 3d, to 4s. 9d. Peas, 5it to Ss. 3d per bushel, Hverfordmarketwaslib)eraliysoppued with wheat, whichL sold at an advancei oc felly Is. per quarter. W'hite wheat, Os. to 9s. 81. per 021b., andred. Ba, 81. to 9s, Barley, 4s.,94 to 5Si 3d, Oats, Ss. 9SI to 4s. ; bens, 5si1d.to 6s. ;pea, Ss. d.to Os. 81 ; aud vetches, 8s.to9s. perGlib. Offieislaverageprice ofwheatseldatflerefordraark-et, £3eIs,per quarter. Theweathnerhasbeen changeable durin)gthe latter half of the present week, rain having fallen on the last three days, andI to-day there were some heavy thundertorms with large haflstones, IHaymaking Iss partiely commenced. COLOEHESTER, SuaveF 14, The supplies of wheat, notwithstanding advancing quotations, do not come to hand so freely sosof late. In this market to-day theshow, under the ircumstasuces, might be called scanty, and, though 16. to 2& meore than last week was offered,. bnsincswas not very eagerly dons,. The bestwhite wheat reached MI, and red was 6Ie, to lIt. Beans were rather dearer, middle and small being quoted 42s. to 44sk; and gray peas 40s, to 42s. Ba-rley had a better sale than of late. yesterday, atChelmsford, considerablyhigherr-ates for wyheatwere demanded, and ther -was little business dons till the close of the market, when a rise of 2s.toe2s. Od.was paid, and afair clearance took plaoe at 5s. to 8ts, for white wheat, and hit. to 7ks for red. Peas were dearer, ansi were quoted 4s. to d7s.; boiling, 45s. On Thursday, at Suldhuy, thb holders of wheat asked. an Improvement of 2e. to it., but this was not given, and maost of the samples were token back unsold, The eame day, at Bishops Stortford, a rise of 2s, to Ss. in wheat was established - while beans, peas, and oats were dearer. CAMBIDSEGE, Sus-gE 14, The weather has been favourable for the progress of the creps, En most districtsthe young wheats arelooking well. onsdderable damage was done at the commencemeaf of the spring in the Pens, but the subsequent line weather has Partially retrieved injury. Favourable soc-sunts are given of the appearance of barley. There wil be a large crop of hay, heavier, it is estlamated, than for some seasonis past. The potato plant is looking remarkably healthy, and promises sastiractory progress At this markeat to-dy there was a fair supply of wheat, the attendanee oof farmersbeing good. The best samples ofwhite wheat realired fs,- to Ms and red 63k to SOs. per quart-er. Very little wras done inL barley. Good oaks sold for SOs, per quarter. Beans maintained fully the prices of last week. NORWICHI, Justz 14. The weather was fine and warm upto Thursday evening;, yesterday was wet, and to-day is again fine and dry. At King's Lynn, on Thieaday, ant advance of 2s, to 3e. wais established for wheat. The eame improvement took place at Bungay on Thursday, and has been geserally followedby the other mark-ets ofthe district. Barley,thc supply of whish is now limit-ed, has be-en Is. to 2s. highber. Oats, beans, and peas are also quoted at an advance of It. per quarter. The wheat trade here was e-xcited to-day, the principal topic being thieprospect of a fresh disturbance of our foreign relations, The farmers at first asked an extravagant advance, and the sales effectedwere made at a rise of 2s. to 4s Barleywas also It. to Is. dearer. Tue prices of inferior descriptions are irregular, but the following are the general rates :-Wheat, white (weighing 621b. to Glib, per imperial butshel), SOs. to 7Is.; ditto red (weighieg 6m1b. to 6Ills.), Ohs, to Ms.,; barley (weighinz 5SI-b, to ht3lla.), 3k8 to Ohs, Per quarter. At the last weeklay sale of flootr, at the Youe-mills, in thzis city, fleer wenit off at 48s. 3d. to 8sa. 64. per sack, latest averages :-Wheat, 3,4919 quarters, 66s, lid. (ag-ainst 4,0i6 quarters, Vhs. 10±, corresponding period last year]; barley, 24 quarterz, l6s. (against 121 quarters, 3sIt 44,, corresponding period last year); oats, 15 quarters 2sil 6d. ; beans, 2; quarters, 4ka (agnainstlIO0quarters, hIs,, correspanding period last Year,) The Suffolk- markets have all exhibited ant upward tendency.- REA33ING, SungE I - Early this week- there was beatifuilly bright weather, and many farmers, takiug advantage of it, commaenced mowing, and a considerable breadthi of grass is cut. Since Thursday momiing frequent end hreavy showers have occurred, and nothing more has been done in thlat respect. An improved change inthe weather is visi.ble to-day,but still itisnot sufficientlyisettled toen3ablefarmerstoxresumehaymaldng. If favouirable weather sets in next week, a quantity of new bay will, no donbt,tbe carried In sores placs the wheat plant has beeni laid by the raiin, but, wvith such powerful sunshine as at the beginning of this week, it will recover, The reports or the potato crop are good, and a gret extent of land appears to have been planted, The season has been fine for the operations connected withi swedes aznd zmsngoldwrtzeeL Notwvithstanding the predictions of a short stock, of wiseat and its probable exhaustion before the new crop shall have been harvested supplier still come in quite equal to wrhat is accustomed to be 'seen at market at this season. Today the stands were well filled with wheat and that principally of geod qusaity. The London, Birmingbem, Mfanchester, Liverpool, and Bristol marketts have all this week improved, and ani advance of Is. to ts. per quarter in the price of wheat lass been establshed. These have all been, no doubt, influenced insa great measure by the conditicn of relations between our Govermeue nesd America. Holders at our market this morning required an increase of Gs. to Is. per quarter, the circumostance of the difference 'with the United State5, togethier with an impression tisat the heavy rain has s-a retarded the crops as to mak-ehan-eatlater. influencing their demands. Ifealuien, however, thoug.hin want ofcorn, would not yield to the terms,and the trade mas consequently neglected- Subsequently sales were effected at an advance of 2s. to, Is, per quar-ter. At the cles of the day less brielmess was apparent., and Prices then were not miore than 23. lper quarter higher than last week MaUny parcels wvere left in the standa unsold. The prices wero as fellow :-Wlaite whseat, bedt qualities, SOS. to 8ls.; secondary. 16s. to) V's,; red wheat, cheice, 7Os. tollSO and Sit; anlithe secondary ranged from Ohs to 75s. The mark-et was only moderately auppliel 'with barley. A few lots of good molting, but scarcely any grinding descriptions wrere on offer. Sellers, throughI an increased inquiry from Birminghami dealer, -were enabled to realice ani advance of is. The price wvere from 38, to i2s. A fair quantity of oats was on show, and there was a little mere activit_ in trade-stan adva-.nce of fullylIs, Good Tartary oats realised 21s. to 25s.; and Poland from 2k3 to 28s. The show of beans was short, but the quality was good. Aklthouglh no disposition was evincedI to buy largely, ani advance of Is. was in some asees obtained, The best beaus, old (English), fetchied 4Ss. to h52s.; new. M4s. to 4is. A better inquiry existed for Egyptians, at about a similar improvecment, The trade in peas was quiet, at previous quotations, although the supply was limited. Notwithatanding there has been a considerable rise since last week in wheat, the flour trade remains inactive. The competition is stll great, but priceshave not altered. Hlouseheld flour is now selling at Ns., ; and seconds, at hit. per sack- of 28m1b. F'rom the return issued by the Inland Revenue-office it appears that the quantity of wheat sold last week 'was an incease of abouit 200 quarters upon pr-evious markets. There were 1,404 quarters 5 bushels soldfor.E,351hhII. 104.. or an average of 73st 134, per quarter. being a decline of 9PIper quarter on.the preceding mnarket, The quaintity of barley was eres- small and the average SOs.per quarter, about Is, Ia, lees than on thatday week. DUBIMT, JUNE 13. We had a steady but not brisk, market at our Corn-Exchange to-day. Holders demanded higher raites, but they were nut generalla- obtained, except for oats, which must be qiuoted 81- dearer.
ZER )JiESyS- TEATERE. 7 It is rarely that the doings - at a ingle theatre exizrte public curiosity twice within the compass of three-wecEs. On Saturday, the 24thc f anxious to witness the dE6ut of - Lademoislie Piccoloiji, illustions withaa ancient natae uada nawrepttion .-o sooner has the excitement produced by that fortttna; eveat; proved the forerunner of an established sueo6ci t1ajftje same operatic world is called u,pon znce more tosimtrh its curiosity to the higheat degree of tension. n(i Satiurday last they were all antidcpting the Abut of MAeinoiselle Johanna Wagner, a lady whose appeazinpu has been preceded by more talk than any- one sincm the time when horoscopes were cus about the coming of Mademoiselle Jenny Lind. On this occasion' .thecause of excitement was completely different from that oE three weekssince. Then we weretoseeayoung artstJ it starting in a brilliant career, with all the attributes or youth,-we may almost saygirlishness. 2Now we were ba witness the &lbia of an artist young, indeed, according lob the date of her birth, but already endowed with a reputation of so.ne years' standing, gained byher achievements im. a branch of art associated with the mostthorough maturity. The lyric tragpdien, tof Beran was to stand before us-the' lady whom everybody expected to see three years ago, and the check to whose appearance made a greater noise at the' time than the success of anybody else. When first M3adame Ristori, in the character of Meaes, passed along the rocky background, that first entrance wa5 sufficient to prove that.all was right. The same may Biesaid of adleinoiselle Wagner. When she advanced front the back of the stage asthe armed Romeo, her stately orim, encased in the most glittering mail, the clusters of fair Bawr faling about her neck. the tall plume waving above herhead, she gave full earnest of her vietory. " Vera incesim patuit dea ;"-there was a revelation of superiority in the very step, and the sonorous voice in which the younit warzior announced his mission as an ambassador of peacetothe Capulets, and which rang through the house as penetrating and as awakening as the summoIns of a trampet; created a feeling which was nothing short of amazement. Peopleoconld not so soon make up their minds whether they -were looking at a great vocalist or a great actress-but, at. all events, a grand apparition was before them. A step. light and majestic, a voice combining the resources of the contralto and the soprano, a spirited mode of declamation, a native grace that rendered every pose a pictorial ilUstration,-this was altogether such an union of elements as forawhile suspends the po-er of reflection. The trly martial manner in wlhich she shouted forth the air of defiance, " Ls. tremendaultrice spada," most brilliantly wound up the first scene, and in the next came the duet with Giulietta, in which Mademoiselle lagrner displayed all the passion OF an ardent lover, stil in the same grand sculptured stile withwhichsheIhad represented the emotions of hatrelL An enthusiastic caU followed the descent of thedrop-scene, and as soon as the plaudits had subsided a few sounds of disapprobation were heard. These, whichi could only have denoted some personal feeling-for to al.- tribute them to critical opinion would be simply preposterous-had merely the effect of rekindling the zeal of theaudience, and M'ademoiselle Wagner was again summoned before the curtain. The second act of I CapuZetti ed i ilontkochi is similar-in character to the first scene of the first act, being chiefly made np of a squabble between the rival factions, occasioned. by Romeo's attempt to carry off Ginlietta, and thus to prevent her marriage with Tebaldo. 'Montecchi and Capuletti hurl indignation in each other's teeth, as before, the essential difference in the situation being the presence of Giulietta, over whose head the battle is fought. The manner in which Romeo, now attired in a graceful balidress, clasps. Giulietta to his heart amid the storm of fury that is raging around them is exquisitely beautifuL It should be distinetly remarked that the Romeo during tne early part of the opera is by no means the Romeo of Shakspeare. Re is not a young gentleman withafatherstill living, who. roams about in dark places uttering amorous conceits, buthe is the active head of his faction, with his thoughts divided between love and war, as ready to carry off his mistress by force of arms as to pour forth his adoration at her feet. It is a personage of this sost that is endowed with. bodily substance by lMademoiselle Wagner. She is the gallant chief of the middle ages, commanding to his retainers, haughty and menacing to his foes, impassioned in the presence of his lady-love. We have spolken of her attitades a3 " sculptured." Let it be clearly understood that by this expression we would not convey any notion of stiffness or immobility. Though every pose is eminently statuesque, even to the drapery, she dropHs into them aU as if by a. natural impulse; and the lithesome character of her move-- ments is as remarkable as the grace and beauty of her attitudes. The dispute between Romeo and Tebaldo in the third act, which is brought to a sudden termination by-the appearance of Girlietta's funeral ir the background, brought witla it a new opportunity for display; and a vocal effect introduced by Mademoiselle Wagner took the audience bysurprise:- Vieni, io ti sprezzo e sfido "Teco i seguaci tuoi; "Tu bramerai franoi "I'Alpi frapposte e il mar," said the infuriated Romeo, and while pronouncing these, words of defiance Mademoiselle Wagnertook such a sudden leap from the highest to the lowest extremity or hervoice, and at the same time accompanied it with such an expression of overwhelming wrath, that the conibination of the vocal feat with the histrionic outbreak was of surpassing effect. Mademoiselle Wagner is essentially thelyric trag6diennc,-with the emphasis on the substantive. The resources of her magnificent voice-or rather twvo voices. -are devoted to the purposes of dramatic illustration, and the power of declaimuing with force at both extremities of the organ is an invaluable faculty, of which she never fails to male good use. Even the bravsra passages which sheaccomplishes are subservient to the situation of the mo-- ment, and to test these by the same standard that would be applied to a concert-singer would be as unfair as to .require of a colossus theminute neatness of an ivory caskiet. If we leave the actress out of the question we may say thatsome of the transitions are abrupt; that all the notes carc not completely rounded off; but take singer and actress together, and these exceptions become mere trifles in the presence of so grand a creation as the llomeo of Mademoiselle Wagner, who, of course, reaches his climan in the fourth act, vhich is almost identical -with that of, not Shakspeare, but Garrick. The heart-rending sobs -with which Romeo flings himself on the supposed corpse of Giulietta and his abandonment to a luxury of wvo,-thetransient rapture with which he observes her resuscitation, the shriek and attitude of despair with which he exclaimsn - Ah, infelice !'" as the remembrance of the poison flashes. through his mind-came in such rapid succession that theaudience looked on with unmingled admiration, till at thedescent of the curtain they rolled forth the most deafening_ applause, and thrice summoned before the curtain the great artist, who had already been called at the end of every act. Those persons whose mcmory does not take them back to the days of Madame Pasta, and who were not at lIer majesty's Theatre on Saturday night, vill, doubtless, have a difficulty in conceiving that such excitement coutld be got out of such an insipid opera as I CapuZacti cd i Montmcchi. As in the case of La Trariata, the music (though, of course, infinitely superior to that of Verdi) is of minor importance, The new Romeo gives life to what was lifeless. Herr Reichardt, who was honourably -nown as the principal tenor of one of the German companies in London, made his ddbut at Her Majesty's Theatre in the character of Tebaldo. An excellent musician, endowed with a sweet voice, and a tasteful and expressive style, he is a valuableacquisition to the company. With such genuine feeling did ho sing the celebrated air m the first act that he was heartily encored, though the audience were yet anticipating the entrance of the primna donna. Mademoiselle Jenny Bauer, a third new comer, gained great applause by her perfom-n ance of the not very thankful part of Giulietta (for SignorRomani, less gallant than Shakspeare, makes the gentlemian lover by far the more interesting of the t-o), and it is to be- regretted that her execution is by no means so precise usher voice is powerful. As an actiess she is far above mnediocrity, and itis probably to her imnpassionedmodeof utterance thather success is mainly to be attributed. In the second act, which opens with a ball, apas dec dcuc by M,lademoiselle Marie and AL Charles is introduced, and isa remarkable display of force and elegance in both parties. It has latelg been unfashionable to applaud male dancers, but M. Charles, who combines theAlcides with the HIermes, seems likely to change this order of things, if we are tojudge from the hearty approbation he obtained last night.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In readingayourreport of the Paris Eshibition of yesterday we find our names are omitted among the Englislh agricultural implement makers selected as the more prominent medalists. This omission musthave arisen throu-h some inadvertence, as we see by the Li4se GdMi6ralc dcs B'comnpenrsc some of the names thus mentioned in your report have no more pretension to that distinction than ourselves, having had 11o more in number or more inmportant awards. We are fnDy convinced that your appreciation of justice will direct the correction of this omission, which is c&lculated to be very injurious to our celebrity and reputation as implement makers. We are, Sir. vour most obedient servants P.- C,ARR.W1TTsna RON-T 6, Northwick-terraee, Maid&-hill, June 14. ICYSTAL PALACL:.-FrvB SmT;rn?G DAY, uSatrday, June 14.-AdmisEions on payment, 1,309; ditto, by season tickets, 36S; total Tisitors, 1,677.
fTlHEB W3BST INDIES AND PACI-Pri - (A. a mmIyof the foUIog,recoivedbyElectdo Tel.. I gmph, appeaed in our Third Edition of Saturday:.-l I SOUTEIAMIPTO, JuSE 14. By the iRoyal Mail steamer La Plata, .0-ptai Weller, with the West India, and Pacific maiLs, iD charge of Lieutenant Fuge, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from:- The Plata brings 249 passengers, among whom is the Governor of Guadalcupe, and on freight, specie value $800,000, and a cargo, consisting of 815 bales of bark, 152 serons of cochineal, 10 serols of jalap, 134. cases of cigars, 208 bales of tobacco, 38 casks of -coffee, 9 bales of sarsaparilla, 8 casks of ginger, 8 packages of vanilla, 5 live turtle, 2 cases of tortoiseshell, 4 cases of succades, 10 cases of plants, 8 cases of beeswax, 6 kegs of honey, 16 packages of baggage, 1 case of stationery, and 28 packages of sundries. The Atrato arrived out at St. Thomas's on the morning of the 31st ult. Intelligence from Jamaica is to the 26th ult. Our correspondent says:- His Excellency Sir Henry and Lady Barkly, Sir -Joshua Rowe, K.C.B., and Lady Rowe took their departure in this steamer for England. It is stated that Sir Henry Barkly has leave of absence for six months, during which time the governmcent will be administered by lMajor-General Bell, *who wvas to be sworn in on the 27th ult., the day after the packet left. Sir Joshua Rowe, late Chief Justice, retires on his pension, assigned him under the Amiiended Judicial Bill. The new judlges have been appointed under the new bill. The Hon. Bryan Edwards has been appointed Chief Justice, and Messrs. W. J. Wilkinson, V. F. Lewis, and Jasper F. Cargill have been appointed puisne judges under the suame act. The -twvo old puisne judges, Messs. M'Dougaill and Far-quharson, retire on their pensions. -We have had plenty of heavy rains, and dysentery prevailed to some extent amongt the inhabitants, the effect of the damp weather. The Qtieen's birthday, the 24th, was kept in celebration of the peace. All the vesseis in the harbour were decorated with flaggs, and the vessels of war fired each a Royal salute at nooni. In the norning there was a grand review of the troops at ppark Camp, at -which there were thousands of spectators, and the greatest harmony prevailed on the occasion. Tranquillity prevailed in all parts of the island, and mucll regret was evinced at the departure of Sir Joshua Rowe, K.C.B. Conunercial matters at Jamaica had iindergone little change. Irish butter realized from 140d. to I Gd. per pound, and American, which -was princiVally bought nip on speculation, 12Wd. to 13d.; 50 firkins of Canada, which had subsequently arrived, sold at 13d. Speculators were asking lSd. for Irish and 15d. for American. The stock of brandy was light, at 18s. to 19s. for best brands. Of other brands there was a large stock, and prices ranged as lowv as 10s. Bread wvas dull without any sales; this was accounted for by the home manufacture, 'which was sold at 20s. for pilot and 25s. for crackers, interfering much with the imported article. Coffee was worth from 43s. to 44s. per 100 pouncls. Corn was very dull, and only Gs. 6d. to 7s. was offered. Sales of the best descriptions of flour wvere made at 40s. Several damaged lots by auction fetclled 32s. to 37s. Gd. The market from the stock and the declining aspect in America had a dow, nward tendency. Logvood -was worth 44s. to 46s. per ton. There was no pimento in the market. Very little sugar was of'ering. E*xchange was quoted for bills on London at 90 days -1 per cent. prem., (G0 days I per cent., 30 days 1Th per cent. Merchants' bills were at par. The following vessels were in Kingston harbour:-The American ship W 'ales, the English barks Shelbourne and Success, the brigs Ide and Eliza, the hnerican brigantines Sarah Peters, MIohawk, Hesperus, and Cuba, and the Hamburg, of Hamburg; the English schooners, Emily and Ex;perience, the American schooner H. P. Russell, the Danish schooner Ganymede; and the Royal IMail Company's steamers Derwvent and Prince. At Grenada several changes had taken place in the Govermuent of the island. His Excellency Lieutenant-Governor Keate had left for England, his place being filled on the follo-wing dav by President Checkley. Ten days afterwlards, however, another change took place, and the Hon. James Walker was elected and duly commissioned by the Queen to officiate in the absence of Mlr. Keate. The celebration of peace took place oln the 29th of May. In speaking of the condition of the island thec,re)1ada Ulrolticle says:- "* Creat and heavy is the distress which still sits upon the Lnhabitants of this proverbi4lly loyal colony. Her populalation decinmated by the calamitous visitation of epidemic cholera-her industrial productiveness contractedl from the lack of an efficient labouring force to struggle against the e2-ects of adverse seasons-disabled by Imperial legislation from comnpeting with the produce of foreigni slave-holding countries in the Britislh or any other market-overburdened with taxation for the maintenance of a civil establishment tar more costly than she ever had occasion f.,r, even in bygune days of her palmy proiserity-in a word, her populazion of 2,i000, young and ol , paying about 2;),0 01. taxes and disabled from producing more than 3.00) hogsheads of the staple of sugar, it requires no calculationi or explaniation to tell the hardship of her endurance. No temporary flush of slightly raised prices could make such a sybtem pay. The uatural resources of the island are rich and inviting, but the legislation of the mother country in regard to her colonies rmakes it impossible until nowto develops theni profitably. A great deal of this has been owing to the misrepre-entation of our circumstances by those governors to whom the British Goverrnent is wont to look for data and criteria to guide its action in matters concerning us. The hope is rising, with the dawn of the system over which his Excellency Governor Hincks has been appointed to preside in the Windward Islands, that some improvenment will at last be initiated. May it be so ! By the present mail there will be forwarded to Downing-street, ainiong other acts of the local Legislature requiring the Rloyal approval, the act for appointing an Executive Council of the Government of this colony, from whose operation there are those who anticipate encoiLra its. Sonme months must elapse ere it can be put to practical test. The Legislature, wluich stands adjourned to the first of July next, will id the mleantime have abundant occupation in measures of imnportance already in its hands." Little change had taken place in the weather. The Apolline, Marli, Agnes, and Helen were in port. At Demerara the Combined Court met on the 12th ult., and proceeded with the discussion of the annual estimate, which was considerably more than that of any preceding year. The estinate for the present year amounts to $1,142,620. The question of steam communication with the United States was again brought before the Court, and a long discussion ensued upon it. In 1854 a resolution was passed by the Combined Court in favour of a bi-monthly steam communication with America, and an item of S10,000 was placed upon the estimate as a subsidy for that purpose. Mr. Thomas Rainey, of New York-, who hats been endeavouing to establish a line between New York and Brazil, put himself in communication with the Governuent, and offered to riu steamers in connexion with the Brazilian line to Demerara, touching at Bermuda and Barbadoes, upon certain conditions, which, after full discussion by the Combined Court in 1855, were not accepted, and the matter was left in abeyance. Mlr. Rainey has this year, after an interview with the Governor of Barbadoes, renewed his offer, and submitted an alternative proposition, namely, to run a steamer of from 500 to 600 tons burden, monthly, from New York to Demerara, touching at Barbadoes and Bermuda. The Governor of Barbadoes, in a letter to Governor Wodehouse, expressed his readiness to co-operate with him in endeavouring to establish steam communicationwith North America, but he stated it as his deciJed opinion that it would C'be infinitely better to pay a larger amount of subsidy to a firs-class line of steamers than to have an inferior one even without any." In this opinion the Court fully concurred; and as Mr. Rainey proposes to establish a monthly communication, he has been referred to the terms of the original resolution, which was for foitnightly communication by first-Class steamers: and there the matter rests. The subject of immigOrationl had again occupied a considerable time of the Court. It was *dleternined, at the suggestion of the Govermor, to place Portuguese immigration on the same footiljg s cooHie immipgration-viz., that the planters should pay the whole cost of the introduction of the immigrants. An attempt was made to do away wNith the inland mail to Berbice, but it failed. The ship Thomas HaImlin had arrived with 319 coolies. The WEeather during the fortnight had been favourable for the growing crops, and the esta2tes were all exceedinily busy. There were but few ships in the -river, and trade among the rderchants was dull. The exports during the fortnight were:--Sugar, 1,521 hhds. 37 tierces, 5 half-tierces, 250 barrels, and 99 bags; rum, 817 punchcons, 128 hhds., 46 barrels ;.and 35,000 cocoa nuts. The bark Star in the East sailed for London on the 22d ult. From Barbadoes we learn that the health of the colony continued good. A quantity of rain had fallen. The planters took advantage of the change of weather to plant potatoes, which had been both [scarce and dear. The present year's crops were 6alost finished, and the produce shipped to the 26th ult. was 28,860 hhds., 2,226 tierces, 8,089 ,barrels of ugar-equal to 31,355 hhds. Molasses, 4,296 puncheons, 66 hhds., 134 barrels. Rum, 855 puncheons, 123 hhds. Several vessels were loading for English ports. -At Trinidad rain had also fallen, which was very acceptable. Corn, vegetables, and grass were still at an extravagant price, and beef was very dear.; By a return recently published the number of prisoners confined in the Royal gaol was 1,537, showing an I increase of 369 over the preceding year. Crop ope- rations were generally concluded. The sugar shipped amounted to 21,246 hhds., 3,054tierces, I and 3,723 barrels. Molasses, 6,405 pumcheons and 128 tierces. Rum, 1,824 puncheons, and of cocoa 2,466,9661b. There was enough tonnage afloat in the gulf for 8,095 tons. Yellow fever was prevalent at St. Thomas's, Demerara, and other places in the West Indies. Many cases had occurred on board the Royal Mail Company's steamships lying at St. Thomass, and several of the medical officers had been seized with the disease, but it was hoped that measures had been taken to arrest its further progress. Her Majesty's ship Malacca, while lying at Port-auPrince, had suffered much from the epidemic. T he following are the stations of her MIajesty's ships in the West Indies.:-Bernuda-the iBoa. cawen, Powrerful, Vestal, Daring, Argus, and Arab; Jamaica-the Imaum, Termagant, and Malacca; Greytowvn-the iEurydice, Hermes, and Mariner; St. Thomas's-the Buzzard; and, among the islands, the Arachne and Scorpion. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's steamer New Granada arrivedatPanamaonthe21stult. Our dates from the Pacific ports are :-Valparaiso, May 1; Coquimbo and Euasco, 2; Cobija, 5; Iquique and Arica, 6; Islay, 7; CaUlao, 12; Payta, 16; and Guayaquil, 5. There is little news of importance. The damage stated to have been suffered throughout Chili by the storms of MIarch was much exaggerated. The works in the copper mines were becoming everyday more important. .Besides the rich minerals onthe coast, particularly towardstheNorth, numerous works were established, and abundant ores in the interior and in all the chain of mountains as far as the Cordillera had been extracted. Government had received the plans for building a foundling hospital in the capital. The election of President of the Republic was drawing near, but not the slightest excitement was observable. A rumour has reached Southampton by the West India mail steamer La Plata that the greater portion of the gold wvhich w;as missing by the Solent, and w-hich had been exchanged for shot, &c., has been recovered. The delinquents w ere detected at Carthagena, at wshich place the robbery is sulpposed to have taken place, and the w eigtht of the precious metal restored is said to be above I OOlb. We have received no official notification of this intelligence, but from inquiries made little doubt remains of the truth of the statement.
.PARLIAtEVYTARY NOTICES. HOITSE OF LORDS. MIONDAV-Y. JuTn If. ORDERES OF THE DXY AND NOTICES. e arln oisrh Ltlentiorough. -To present a petition of Pertaub Singh and 33isheu Siuigh, laiidhalders of the I'unjab. Lord Overstone,- To present petitions against the Joint-Stock ConIpanies Bil, from the Chambers of Commerce at Manchester and at Glasgow. Joimt-stock Companies BiU,-Second reading. Lord Sorerhl,-To moove for a return of the anonnt expended by the ast ndiaComany n la expnse in nglad, feesthe date of the passing of the 16Pth aynd 17th of Victoria,chap. 95, dowm to the o3st of hlay of this year;- disting-uhienig the names of the causes, saits, or other proceedings, and the fees paid to counsel in each. Sir William l'enwick *ViUiams' Annuity Bill ,-Seconddreading. lWhichw,ood Forest Bill,-Ecport of amendments. HOUSE OF COMMONS. -O,DAY, JUNE 16. ORDtiS OF T511FDAY. Sardinian Loan,-CommMite thereupon. Supply,-Committee. lurialgrounds (irelaiid) Bi'i,-Committee. Annuities RedemptionBill.-Thirdreading. Transfer of WVorks (Ireland) Bill,-Third reading. Cambridge Uniiversity Bill,-As amended, to be considered. Poor Law Amendmenit (No. 2) Bill,-Second reading. Supply,-Report. Ways and 2,eans,-Comnittce. 9ornWch and Irish Pauper Removals Bill,-Second reading. Partners,hip Amiendmenit (No. 2.1 BUIl.- Comnmittee. Stock in Trade Exe-ption Bill,-Second reading. Deeds (Scotland) Bill.-Second reading. Public Health Bill,- Second reading. Drainage (Ireland) Bi -Second rending. Survey of Great Britain. &-c., Bill.-Second reading. Fational Gallery Site Bill.-Adjourned debate on second reading. Courts of Comunon Laws (Irelaiid) Bill,-Committee. Enuhances 1teinoval, ke. IScotland) (No. 2) Bill,-Committee. Court of Exchequer (Scotlandl)i Iill.-Conmnittee. Poor Law Amnendmeut (Scotland) Bill,-Conmmittee. Vaccination Bill.-Conunuti ec. ;ational Gallery Bid,-Consideration of Lords' amendments. Loases and Sales of Settled Eetntes BUUl.-Second reading. Agricultulral Statistics Bill-Second reading. SmoXe Nuisance Abatemenet (etropolis) Act. 1853, Amendment Bill-Comminttee. Joint Stock Companies Winding-np Acts Amendment Bill,-Adjourned debate on} second reading. Gaois he. Biil-Seco&u reading. Graud juries BUU-Counnittee. o`tICs 0s o1 IorrIONS. MIr. W. Ewart.-To inquire of the Lord Advocate. whether any bill will be introduced for extending and reforming the system of municipal elections in the burghs of Scotland? 'Mr. Wise,-To ask the First Lord of the Treasury, whether it is the il'tention of the Secretiry of State for Foreign Affairs, on Mr. Bligh's intended retirtenent from the mission at llanover, to act in confr,mity with the resolution passed by the House of Commons in 1815. aed to adopt the recommendation made in 1S50 by the Select Com=nitiec oni Official Salaries with reference to the diplomatic establishrent at Hanover' Sir J. Trollope,-To ask the President of the Pour Law Board, whether he is prepared to adopt the recommendations of the committee of iS51 upon mnedical rebef to the poor-viz., 1. That medical appointments should be permaneit; 2. That the remnuneration shouild be revised and iniereased; 3. That tihe districts should be examinied' ir. Thoespsco,-To ask the Lord-Advoate iif he is prepared to brin ina bil tr th unon o th Abedee Unversities? Colonel 0 Hi foreg TOo atshk 'tLhte heiDefr Secretary for Ireland, whbether the attention of H er Majesy Government has bean caUed to the recent (lecish.n of the Couart of Qocen's Bench in Ireland, in the case of 'Erringtou v. Rorke," in which it wa.s held that a purehaser under the Encumbered Estates C ourt waa bound by a previouS leas¢e not mentioned in the convey-ance to him froma the commissioners; and whether it is the intention of Government to introelee anymeasure to set at rest the doubts created by that decision as to the indefeasihilltY Of the title conferred by the commissonerse Mr.George,-To ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland, whether it is the intenition of the Government to introduce a bill, or to insert clauses in aniy bill now before the House, to mnake the offices of town registrars ito the Chief Justiees and Chief Baron) or clerks of Nisi Prius in the thrce superior coiirtsof common law in Irelandpemnmanent, and toautho. rizce tht appointment of a clerk by each of said officers, in analogy to the proviions of the aet ljth and 16th of Victoria, chap. 73(English)? 3Ir. Hamilton, -Copies of all correspondence between the Poor Law Commissioners in Ireland and the Guardians of the New Rosa Union since the lst day of December last; and of the minutes of the board of guardianis of the said union in reference to the change of the rebi. giles registry of Margaret Codlmau, a pauper inmate of the iworkbouse, with a statement of the age of such pauper. 31r. Davidson.- Iteturns respecting King's Inns (Dublin). pMr. Kinnaird,-That. in the opinion of this House. no memberof Parliament. unless at the tinme in the service of the Crown, ought to receive remuneratiou for professional or other services rendered to the Goveruaneut in relation to any bil or proceeedings in Parliament. Lord J. ltutsso.-Rettun of the number of appeals entered in each year in the appeal list in the House of Lords, from the year 1835 to the )rear 1855. both incluAive; the number at the commencement of each se_ssion ; the number of appe3als decided, and the number remaining. at tce end of each cession; distinguishing the appeals from Scotland in each year. Colonel Dmnne,-Address for copy of the report on the provin- of the gun manuiasturedby tlihe ersy Steel andleronCempany. tieO on the L-2d and 255 clay of Mlay on the north sohre near Liverpool; and whether this gun is the property of the Government. Mr. L. Ricarsin.-Contrasts for Public Departmentsn-To nominate th5 relect comntittee: - Mr. I iRticardo, try. t,. Gibeon.5r. Stonsellr Colonel Dimsne. Ste. Mitchell. Str. 'Wilson, Mlr. G. A. Hamilton, Sir U. Napier, Colonel Lindmay, Viscount Goderieb. Colonel Smyth, M1r. Brand, Mr. 1.. Davis, .Mr. Liddell. and hIr. Glyn. Power to send or persons, papers, and records. Five to be the quorum. Mr. 3Massey,-Address for return, showing the particuilar of the receipts aud expenditure on account of the highways in each county of England and Wales for the year ending the 2ithdayof 3Mareh, 1854. made out in the form rzequired by the act of the 12th and 13th of Victoria, chap. 35; distiiguishing cities, boroughs, towns, boards of health, and plices under local acte freom the ordinary highways. Mr. -MNonsell.-Arroy estimates (in Committee of Supply). On go ing into Committee of Supply:- Colonel Worth,-On going into Committee on the Army Estimates, to bring under the consideration of the House the injustice insileted upon oid and distinguished officers by the retrespective action and practical working of the army warrant of the 6th of October,l acti laying down the rules regulating the future promotion of the army. Colonel Dunne.-On the supplementary War Estimates, to cal the attention of the House to the reductions that must be consequent on to the different corps, wvhetchemr feoreioga oor Britishr, whosed servies willveu dispensed wiith. MIr. Grogan.-That this Ffouso do resolve itself into 3 commoittee, to eonsider of an humble address to Her M1ajesty, pra ing that she wil b grciusl peasd o dret ateatinsto e =serin the rules ofthbemilita°ry syerice aendintrheCwaarrantof Marc 1856, to the effect that the regulatiou value of the commissions of officers in the army who shall have died of cholera or fever in active seriee during the late war niay be paid to their representatives, and deemed part of their personal estate, and to assure Her Maljesty that this House Wil make good the same. Captain 1. Vernon.-To move a resolution, That it is the opinion of this H .uae that it wil be to the advantage of the serrice to employ general officers from the scientitic corps on tho staff of the army. Lord Naas,-To ask what the intentions of the Government are witb regard to the brigadier generals of the army of the Crimea, and aso with regard to the second lieutenant-colonels, junior captains, lieutenants, and ensigns of regircents, in the erent of the reduction of thoir several corps; also, what course is to be taken with regard to the offlcers of the lAnd Transport Corp., and whether any man who hbs served as an officer of that regiment is to be sent back to serve as a non-commissioned officer in regiments of the line? Colonel Dunne.-To move for a select committee to inquire into the n ethod of supplying the British army with arms, ammunition, clotlhing, accoutremenits, and aU other re(quirements, by mesns of contracts, or by auy other S}stem. SIr. Bows er, -To ask the Home Secretary, whether there is at the Horne-office, or with the Commissioners of Police, any report ot other paprs regarding the escape of Foselhni, for whoec apprehension a reward wa1 lately offered; and, if o., whether Her Mlajesty's GovVrmuentutwill lay sucd reportor other papers on the table of the House? Lord J. Russell-To ask: for explanations from the Government respecting the preseutstate of our relatIons with the United States. Viscour.t Reraard-To call tho attention of the committee to the necessity of a riding school at Ballincollig, for the accommodation of tFe cavalryin,the' ork district. Sir. Cowiau,-To ask-. if it be intended by the Government that the vCarncy in the chair of military surgery in the univereity of Edin. burgh. cu.used by lbs lasneinted death of Sir George Balihsiall, about Csi inonlhs sirce, sallU be soon fillei up. or if the dewtabat has ensued is 115 coy seepience of the difficulty of procuring the services of a gentleTh5P duly qualiSed to7 discharge the duties of tbat prefeesorship-? (In Committee of 7upply)}:-_ Colonel Lindsay,-- On Supplemental Armg Estimates, to call tte~ attenties of the com mittee to barraclk.accommodation and insprov.r mnent. Colonel Bunck,-On Ordnance Estimates, to call the attentios Ot the7 coossiJtse, tu tht-etate of th.e defeceg si. tigb1ecs'oeort0Dlaipcismeg
THE DISMISSAL OF MR. CRAMPTON. The following despatch of Mr. Marcy to Mr. Dalas, informing him of the determination of the American Government to dismiss MIr. Crampton, appeared in our Third Edition on Saturday. "Department of State, Washington, Tuesday, May 27. "Sir,-The President has carefully considered the note of the 30th ult. addre6sed to you by the Earl of Clarendon, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, relative to the questions which have arisen between this Government and that of Great Britain on the subject of recruiting within the United States for the British army, and has directed me to present you his views thereon, for the purpose of having them made known to Her Majesty's Government. He has been rmuch gratified by the conciliatory spirit of that note, and by the desire manifested by the Earl of Clarendon to adjust the existing difficulties, and preserve and strengthen the friendly relations between the United States and Great Britain. "The vast interest which the Government and people of both countries have in upholding and cherishing such relations cannot be more solemnly impressed upon HerMajesty's Government than itis upon that of the United States. The unequivocal disclaimer by Her Majesty's Government of ' any intention either to infringe the law or disregard the policy, or not to respect the sovereign rights of the United States,' and their expressions of regret 'if, contrary to their intentions and to their reiterated directions, there has been any infringement of the laws of the United States,' are satisfactory to the President. The ground of complaint, so far as respects Her Majesty's Government, is thus removed. But the President extremely regrets that he cannot concur in Lord Clarendon's favourable opinion of the conduct of some of Her Majesty's officers, who were, as this Government believed, and, after due consideration of aU which has been offered in their defence, stil believes, impV.i cated in proceedings which were so clearly an infringement of thl laws and sovereign rights of this country. "In respect to such of these officers and agents as have no connexion with this Government it has nothing to ask from that of Her Majesty; but the case is different in relation to Mr. Crampton, Her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Penipotentiary to this Government, and the Consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati. The President is gratified to perceive that Her Majests Government would not have hesitated to comply with the request to withdraw these officers from their official position if it had entertained the views here taken of their conduct In regard to recruiting, contrary to the laws and sovereign rights of the United States. I need scarcely say, that in making this request, no interruption of the diplomatic relations between this Government and that of Great Britain was anticipated, but, on the contrary, the President was and is sincerely desirous to keep them upon a most friendly footing. " Mr. Crampton's withdrawal was asked for expressly upon the ground that ' his connexion with the affair, raising recruits in this country for theBritish service, has renderedhim an unacceptable representative of Her Britannic Majesty near this Government.' For the samereason, tho withdrawal of the three British Consuls was also requested. Theso officers were, as this Government confidently believes, deeply implicated in proceedings contrary to the law and sovereign rights of the United States, and contrary, as it now appears, to the intentions and reiterated instructions of their own Governrment. It was their personal acts, not the less objectionable for having been done contrary to the directions of Her Majesty's Minister, which rendered them in their official character and position unacceptable to this Government, and induced the President for that cause to solicit their recall, believing that by this course he was contributing to the common interest and harmony of the two Gover-nments. He has not, after most mature consideration. been able to change his view of their conduct, and cannot therefore change his purpose ia relation to them,though their conduct related to, and in fact originated, a difficulty which disturbed the cordial harmony and good understanding between the two countries. It constituted a decided objection to them of a personal character, which loses none of its force by the satisfactory adjustment of that difficulty. The only embarrassment which attends the case is the difference of opinion between tlle two Governments as to the complicity of these officers in ilegal proceedings within the United States. In reviewing this subject the President was disposed to avail himself of any reasonable doubts which could be raised in his nsind in order to bring his opnon in this respect into conformity with that of Her Majesty's Government; but, after careful consideration of the case, he has been unable to change the conclusion to which he had previously arrived. " The difference of opinion may in some degree be ascribed to the difference in views of the two Governments in respect to the neutrality laws and sovereign rights of the country. It is not proposed, however, to continue the discussion upon that subject. The conclusions of the President, stated in my despatch of the 28th of Deceinberto your predecessor, in regard to the construction of that law andthe extent and character of those riglsts, remain unchanged, and he cannot forego the duty of using aU proper means to sustain and vindicate them. " The main cause of this difference of opinion is the different appreciation of the proofs by 'which the charges against Her Majesty's diplomatic representative and consuis are sustained. Lord Clarendon asks this Government to regard the bare declarations of these officers as of sufficient weight to countervail evidence against them. Their denials, as presented in his despatch of the 30th of April, (and that is all which has been communicated to this Government on the subject,) seem to be special, and do not traverse all the allegations against them. Thev deny that they have infringed our neutrality law by enlisting persons within the United States for British service, or hiring or retaining persons to leave the United States for the purpose of being enlisted in that service: " The charges against them are much broader, and embrace the offence of violating the laws and sovereign rights of the United States, by setting in operation within our territory and conducting an extensive system of recruiting, which was not and could not becarried into effect without infringing upon our laws and rights ; by employing numerous agents to engage persons, for pecuniary and other considerations, to leave the United States for the express purpose of entering into the British army; and b keeping these agents in this employment after it was wel known that they vere constantly infringing our laws. The denial of the implicated officers only covers a part of the delinquencies imputed to them, but, confining the exculpatory declaration to the simple charge of having violated the provisions of our Neutrality Act, it does not merit the consideration which Lord Clarendon has ascribed to it. " By adopting Lord Clarendon's construction of our Neutrality Law, contained in his note of the 16th of November, which renders it ahnost nugatory, and contrary to that of this Government and of its judicial tribunals, these officers have not probably found much embarrassment in meeting the charges with a general denial; but, giving to the declaration of Mr. Crampton and the Consuls all the consideration which can be fairly claimed for it under the circumstances of the case, it cannot counterbalance the unimpeached and well-sustained evidence which establishes the charges against these officers of having infringed the laws and sovereign rights of the United States. " Lord Clarendon's note to you of the 30th of April conveys the impression that the evidence by which the officers are implicated is derived from one or two witnesses whose credibility has been assailed. This, however, is not a correct vew of the facts. By examination of my despatchof the 28th of December it will be perceived that these witnesses were strongly confirmed, and that there are proofs wholly independent of their testimony abundantly sufficient to establish the complicity of Mr. Crampton and the Consuls in thseir infringement of the laws and sovereign rights of the United States. "I trust that it will not be questioned that it belongsexclusively to this Government and its judicial tribunals to give a construction to its municipal laws, and to determine what acts done within its jurisdiction are an infringement of those laws. This is a matter which concerns its internal administration, and it cannot allow the agents of any foreign Power to controvert that construction and justify their conduct by a different interpretation of our laws, which virtually renders them ineffective for the purposes intended. The Earl of Clarendon informs vou. in his note of the 30th of April, that Mr. Crampton positively denies the charge of complicity in any of the acts of illegal enlistment in the United States, and that the three Consuls inculpated do the same. He assumes that the charge against theoim is sustained mainly by the evidence of two persons, Strobel and Hertz, whom he conceives do be unwForthy of credit, and he appeals to the American Government to accept as conclusive declarations of the MEinister and Consuls. ' I am instructed to say that these considerations do not- relieve the President's mind of the unfavourable impressions produced by the conduct of these gentlemen in relation to foreign recruitment in the United States. It will be seen, by referring to my despatch of the 28th December, in which the grounds of charge against Mr. Crampton were fully stated, that the testimony of Strobel and Hertz was quite a secondary and unimportant part of the eNidence adduced, the charge being supported, independently of their testimony, by other witnesses, by original letters of Mr. Crampton and others, and by the undenied and undeniable acts of Mr. Crampton. As to Strobel and Hertz, however, it may be observed, the documents transmitted by Lord Clarendon as proving these persons unworthy of credit are entitled to but little weight, consisting as they do of ex partc affidavits, detailing matters mostly of hearsay; and, wFhatever may haive been the character of thoseopersons,it by no means follows that they did not testify to the truth. " They were agents selected and trusted by Mr. Crampten himself, and to them he committed mostimportant concerns. Such an endorsement should countervail the impeaehment of their veracity, founded on loose, hearsay repets. Nor does it seem to be a thing of much moment, in relation to the present question, that Strobel, in consequence of imputed mnisconduct, was dismissed from employment by the Lieuten ant Governor of Nova Scotia, and aftervards endeavoured tf) obtain money from Mr. Crampton. The fact remains that be held a commission in the British Foreign Legion, and that, as it is clearly proved and not denied, hemaintaintd, as recruiting officer, and for a con- siderable period of tian', as-sociation, personally or by cor- I respondence, witheri ltampton. i "The employment oef Strobel by Mr. Crssnptc&, the~ir len" association in tbr- joint w/ork of recruiting, in the UmtYed States for the F-'reign Legion, the disgeaction of Her MIajesty's c,,s,,sus'iou] of captain in the, corpa con- ferred on Strohel, a' uld seem at least to deprive Mr.' Crampton of thle right tot deny his credibrjityr sa, & wit ness. But there is a large and more coaprehensive class of considerations applicable to this particular question. For a period of nearly five months, that is, from about the miiddle of March, 1855, to the 5th of August, 1855, the peace and order of this country were disturbed, especially the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati, by the unlawful cts of numerous persons engaged in raising recruits or in being recuited for the British. Forei"u Legion. They were supplied with ample funds by British agents, and they obstinately resisted and set at nought all the efforts of the local authorities of the United States to put a stop to their proceedings, nor did they desist until they received orders to that effect from the British Government in the month of August. " The recruits thus unlawfuLly raised in the United States during all that time were conveyed by British agents to Halifax, and there enrolled inL the Foreign Legion. All these acts, as weU as their illegality, were notorious. Long before the trial of Hertz, in Septenber, and of Wagner, ina October, they must have been brought to the particular notice of Mr. Crampton, the British Consuls, and other agents, by the preliminary judicial inquiries which took place both at New York and Philadelphia. In consequence of steps to that effect taken by me on the 22d of March, the proper instructions were issued on the 23d, and prosecutons commenced in Philadelphia ons the 3Qth of March, and in New York on the 5th of A ril. i:s an example of the character of these proceedings, their notonety and theircomnprehensivelegaleffect what occurred in May deserves particular notice. "At New York-, on the 15th of May, a number of persons, namely, Godfried Wachier, Wilhelm Schumacher, Julius Parkus, Oscar Cremey. and Andrew Lutz, were examined before Commnissioner Betts on a charge of recruitmenit for the service of Great Britain. Eminent counsel were employed by the accused, who argued that no offence had been committed, because it did not appear that any vald conitract of enEstment had been consumnated * but this ground of defence was overruled by the commissioner, who, though he discharged Wachier for defective evidence, committed Lutz, Schumacher, Cremey, andParkus. " At Philadelphia, on the 25th of May, three personsEertz, Perkins, and Bucknail-having been arrested on the charge of illegal recruiting in the service of Great Britain, applied to the Circuit Court of the United States, by habeas ceapus to be discharged from custody. The presiding judge, the Hon. John K Kane, on the examination of the evidence taken in the case before a commissioner, found the proofs were sufficient to bring the acts of Hertz and Perkins within the conditions of the law, but not so as to Bucknail; accordingly, the latter was discharged, but the two former were committed for trial. '-Thus, so early as May, it was judicially shown. that what was doinginthis respect wvasunlaw,fuL. Mr. Crampnton was acquainted with these proceedings, and was thus sufficiently admonished that the acts of recruitment carried on under his authority did in fact, whatever may have been his intention, constitute a violation of the municipal law of the United States. This had been decided by the Courts of the United States, and was publicly and extensively made known. It is not controverted,-indeed, it is admitted, that he had the recruiting business in his chaige and under his control; yet :ie permitted it to be continued, although judicially determined to be unlawful, through the months of May, June, July, and August. "Now this long series of acts, unlawful and otherwise prejudicial to the good name and tranquillity of this country, were performed by persons who were liberally paid by the British officers, and many of whom actually entered the military service of Great Britain. That was incontestably proved on the trial of Hertz and Wagner, by evidence which has not been and cannot be impeached, and, although the evidence adduced on these trials does not need corroboration, still it may not be amiss to add that much other evidence to the same effect is in possession of this Government, some of which is annexed to this despatch in the form of documents responsive to those accompanying the letter of the Earl of Clarendon. "Who is to be held accountable for these unlawful acts ? Were they all performed by volunteer and irresponsible persons, as argued in the Earl of Clarendor.'s despatch of the 16th of July ? That cannot be admitted, for the conclusive reason that they received pay from British officers, and of ^ourse were employed by some responsible agents of the British Goverument. The Earl of- Clarendon, in behalf of Her Majesty's Government, disclaims all intention to violate the laws, compromise the neutrality, or disrespect the soveieignty of the United States by the enlistment of troops within their territory. The resident mureservedly accepts and is fully satisfied with this disclaimer. Of course, the unlawful acts ir. question were not authorized by the British Government, but the fact is nevertheless well established that they were done, and done in the name and at the expense of the British Government. "W ho, then, is responsible for these acts? Were there no direct proof, though there is much of that character, the inference would be irresistible, that, not being authorized by the British Government itself, they were the unauthorized acts of the British agents in the United States. Such agents, having acted in wilful disregard of their Government in thus infringing our laws, may have failed to inform their Government that wvhat they had undertaken to do could not be done without infringing those laws, or bynmis- zanagement, indiscretion, or over zeal, they may have participated in such infringement, though well knowing it was contrary to the wishes and express orders of their Government. However this may be, itis certain that agents existed, because their acts appear. WVho were those agents ? Of this we are not left in doubt. 'In the documents on the subject recently laid before Parliament it is distinctly stated that the enlistment in the Unitid States did not stop until Mlr. Crampton gave orders for its cessation on the 5th of August. He had the power to stop the acts of enlistment. He mnew the proceedings were, from the commencement, exceedingly offensive to this Government, and that it was devoting its active energies to arrest him. He was bound to know-he could not but know-what was notorious to all the world, that throughl the months of April, May, June, and July, tce recruiting agents in various p arts of the UJnited States, and conspicuously in Boston, KNew York, Plailadelphia, and Cincinnati, were keeping up a most unseemly contest with the law oflicers of the tUnited States, and that at least as early as May the illegality of the proceediogshad been pronounced by the Federal Courts in New York and Philadelphia, and yet, notwithstanding this, he permitted the unlawful acts in question to go on without check until the month of August. For thus giving countenance to those illegal proceedings he is distinctly responsible. "But his accountability extends yet further, for the sime documents show that the official suggestion to the British Government of the untoward scheme of obtaining recruits in the United States caine from the correspondence of Mr. Crampton and of the Consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati, and that to Mr. Crampton was the superintendence and execution of the scheme commaitted, and thus it wasthat lie who directed had power to stop the proceedings-and thus from early March until Aug he is foundbusily occupied in superintendign the e=ment, partly in the United States and partly in. Canada and Nova bcotia, and in issuing instructions to the agents engaged in that enterprise. " It does not suffice for Mr. Cramipton now to say that he did not intend to conunit or participate in the commission of any infringement of the laws of the United States. He was the directing head of the long-continued infringements of the law. It was under superior authority from him that acts of continuous violation of law were perpetrated by the inferior agents. Some of these agents are proved by his own letters to have held direct intercourse with him; and in every stage of inquiry in the numerous cases investigated by the American Uovernment there is reference by letter and oral declaration to the general superintendence of Mr. Crampton. His moral and legal responsibility are thus demonstrated. With full information of the stringency of the laws of the United States against foreign recrmting, with a distinct perception of its being all but impossible to raise recruits here without infringing the laws,. and with a knowledge of the condemnatory judicial proceedings of April and May at New York and Philadelphia, yet he persisted in carrying on the scheme until August, when its obstinate prosecution brought on a most unpleasant controversy between the United States and Great Britain; and it is not the least of the causes of complaint against Mr. Crampton, that by his acts of commission in this business, or in failing to advise his Government of the impracticability of the undertaking in which he was embarked, and the series of illegal acts which it involved, and in neglecting to observe the general orders of his Government, and stop its recruiting here the moment its illegality was pronounced by theproper legal authoritiesof the United States, he was recldesslyendangering the harmony and peace of two great nations, which, by the character of their coinmercial relations, and by other considerations, have the strongest possible inducements to cultivate reciprocal amity. "The foregoing considerations substantially apply to the conduct of the British Consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati. Though of a subordinate official character, they are not less responsible than Mr. Crampton. The continuous violation of law proceeded within their respective consulates, month after month, under their eyes, not only without any apparent effort on their part to stop it, but with more or less of their active participation therein. The Consulate at New York appears to have been the point at which the largest expenditures were made, and it is proved by documents herewith transmitted that payments at that consular office to some of the recruiting agents continued to be made by the Secretary of the Consul, in the Consuuls presence, from tine to time, down to the beginning of January of the present year. " The President;as has already been stated byme, cannot admit the force of the objection now uged of the alleged want of respectability on the part of some of the witnesses by whom these facts were proved, and as tovwhom a prominent cause of such alleged vwant of respectability seems to be the fact that their evidence has inculpated their accomplices in the violation of the law. The testimony which most directly inculpates the British Consiu at New York, as will be perceived by the enclosures herewith, is in the affidavits of the very persons relied on by Her ajesys Government for proofs in this case, and cwhose depositions accompany. Lorn Clarendon's note to you of the 30th of April. The Earl of Clarendon perfectly well understands that, in Great Britain as well as in the Unmted States, it, would be mnpossible to administer penal justice without occasionailly receiving the evidence of accomplices. ''InGreatBzitainJnot only is ewidence of this class received continually in state trials, as well as in inferior inatters, but rewards aid sother special inducements are held out to such witnesses by not a few provisions of acts of Parliament. The competency of such; persons in a given case, and their credibility, are in both countries questions npon which t1* Court and jury, in their respeective spheres of urisdiction, ultimately pase. In the present case conclionlss have beXen established on documenteay proof and other unimnpeachable evidence, by proceedings baeSre the proper tribunals of the United Statbs, by the xerdicts of juries, and by the rulinlg of judges, which must be held as final in the estinmation of the President. The Earl of Clarendon stigests, as a consideration pertinent to this question, that the Miu:ister and Consuls had no means or opportunity of rebuttinig the charges thus indirectlj hrought against them in the trial of the inferior recruiting agents. " In regard to the Consuls, the Earl of Clarenldtn errs in supposing that they had not fuill w,eans and opportunity, if they sav, fit, to appear ad to uconfront and contradict any accusing witnesses, They wtere not allowed to interfere ia the trials by mere letters written for the occasion, which indeed, they could not have done lawfully had there bee no such prohibition; but, if conscious of their own irn" cence, and that of the parties on triaL and that their own acts would bear examination, it was alike their duty snd right to a,ppear and say so on oath, and to contradict by their testimony whatever was alleged againstBritish officers or agents, if known to them to be untrue. Nor is it any just cause of complaint that evidence was received upon these trials impugning the acts of Mr. Crampton. It was in due course of proceedings required to be shown, as against the parties on trial, that the recruitments in which they were engaged were for the service of a foreign Government. ":Mr. Crampton was himself privileged from trial for a violation of our municipa law, but the persons whom he employed were not for that cause to go unpunished, nor' was the admini tration of penal iustice to be indefinitely| suspended on account of his position and the diplomatio immunities which that conferred; on the contrary, it wa3 eculiariy proper that the facts by which he was impliEcated, but for whuch he could not be tried, should be verified in due form of law, for the information of his own Government as wellassthat of the United States. The Earl of Clarendon remarked in his letter of the 30th of April that- " ' The intentions of the British Government, and the arrangements made to carry those intentions into execution. wrere not concealed from the Government of the Inited States; those intentions and arrangements were frankly stated by Mr. Crampton to Mr. Marcy in conversation on the 02d Marcn, 1855, and the only observations which Mr. Marcy made in reply were, that the Neutrality Lavws of the United States would rigidly be enforced, but that any number of persons who desired it might leave the United States and get enlisted in any foreign service.' "t is incumbent on me to say that in this respect the Earl of Clarendon labours under serious misapprehension, which, while it serves in part to explain how it happened that the enlistments went on for so many months in a manner contrary to the intentions and express orders of the British Government, also serves to 3ncrease the weight of Mfr. Crampton's responsibility in this respect. I repeat now, with entire consciousness of its accuracy, what I stated in my letter of the 28thiDecemberl1st, that at that interview on the 22d March-the only one I ever had with Mr. Crampton, as he admits, in which the recruitment business was alluded to-he (Mr. Crampton)had satisfied me that his Government had no counexion with it, and was in no way responsible for what was doing in the UnitedStates to raise recruits forthe British army. Butiamn quite certain that on no occasion bas he intimated to me that the British Government or any of its officers were or had been in any way concerned in sending agents into the United States to recruit therein, or to use any inducement for that purpose. Nor did he even notify me that he was taking or intended to take any par. in furthering such proceedings. Such a communication, timely made, would probably have arrested the mischief at its commencement. Lf he had then apprised me of the system of recruiting which had at that time been already arranged and put in operation within the United States by British agents, and under his superintending direction, he would have been promptly notified in the most positive terms that such acts were contrary to the municipal law, incompatible with the neutral policy of the country, a violation of its national sovereignty, and especia!ly warned against the violation of our Neutrality Laws But he blames me now for nob then stating to him that my construction of that law differed from hisown; but no such difference of opinion was then developed. "Mr. Crampton on that occasion manifested a coin. dence in opinon as to the provisions of that law which I then held and have since fully disclosad. Ie caUled on me to show a letter which he had 'written on that day to the Consul at Newr York disapproving the pro. ceedings of a Mr. Angus iM'lonald, ' because I (he) thought those proceedings would or might be taken to constitute aviolation of the Act of ESighteen-the Neutrality Law. of the UEnited States.' What were the proceedings of Mr. ArDonald which Mr. Crampton thought might constitute a violation of our neutrality ? The simple issuing of a handbill, apecifying the terms on which recruits would be received at halifaxinto the Queen's service. This opinion of Mr. Cramptan ascribes as much stringency to our Neutrality Acts as has ever been claimed for them by the Government or Courts of the United States. I had then no suspicion, nor did Mr. Crampton give any cause to suspect, that he was acting or intending to act upon an interpretation of that law which would justify the act of Mr. M'Donald, which he then condemmed, and make the law but little better-than a dead letter. I could not but suppose he viewed it in the same light as Lord Clarendon did when he wrote his despatch to Mr. Crampton on the 12th of April thereafter, in which hisLorrlzhip declared it to be 'not only very just, but very stringent.' "To show that I was not mistaken in this respect, I quote a passage from a letter of Mr. Crampton, dated the 14th of March, to Sir G. Le Marchant :-'Any advance of money by Her Majesty's agents or others in the-United States would constitute an infraction of the neutrality law.' The depositions which accompany this despatch, made by some of the same persons who have furnished the British Government with affidavits to impeach Strobel and Hertz, prove conclusively that Mr. Crampton did disburse various sums of money to agents employed in recruiting within the United States. '"It was, indeed, apprehended by me at the time that violations of that law would ensue. It could not fail to be seen that any organized scheme of a foreign Government to draw recruits from the United States, though by mere invitation, would necessarily tend and result in violations of the municipal law. So decided was my belief in this respect that measures had already been taken by me, in behalf of the Government, as it happened, upon the very day of the interview with Mr. Crampton, to institute prosecations against persons engaged in this business in New Yorlk aud Plsiladelphia. I then notified Mr. Crampton of tliat fact, as he expressly admnitsin his report of that interviewv made to his Government. " An attempt is made to deduce an excuse for Mr. Crampton's course an the business of recruiting in this country from the alleged fact that he communicated to mnc on that occasion the arran"ement3 which had been made for that purpose, and that I did not disapprove of them otherwise than by insisting upon the observance of the Neutrality Law of the United States. This allegation is hardly consistent with Mr. Crampton's own statement of what then passed. In the defence of his conduct, recently sent by him to his Government, he makes admissions inconsistent with the allegations that there was no concealment on his part, and that the recruiting arrangements were communicated to me. He says - ' -" 'It is perfectly true that I did not enter into any details of means which were to be adopted by Her Majesty's Government to render available the services of those who tendered them to us in such numbers. There seemed to be obvious reasons for abstaining from this; and, even if it had occurred to me. I should have been unwilling to do anything which might have borne the appearance of engaging Mr. Marcy in any expression of favour or approbation of a plan favouming the interest of one of the parties in the present war. All I could desire on his part was neutrality and impartiality.' " His reasons for withholding from me the details of the enlistment system-the most important part of it for this Government-are not satisfactory. If MEr. Crampton believed that what he was doing, or intended to do, in the way of recruiting was right, he could have had no reluctance to communicate it to me, for his instructions required him to make that disclosure. Acting in due frankness, and with a proper regard for the dictates of international comity, MIr. Crampton should, it would seem, have disclosed to me all measures intended to be pursued within the United States by the agents of his Government, including himself an execution of the act of Parliament for raising a foreign legion. Nay, he was expressly commanded by his Government to practise no concealment with the American Government on the subject. If he had obeyed these orders aU misunderstaading between the two Governments would have been prevented. "uMr. Crampton was the more imperatively called pon to make full explanations on the sublect, not only because he WaS commanded by his Government to do so, but for the further reason that immediately after the breaking out of the war between Great Britain and France on the one hand, and Russia on the other, ho had, by an official note addressed'to me, invoked the efforts of this Government to enforce upon the inhabitants of the conntry (citizens or others) the necessity of observing the strictest neutrality towards the belligerent parties, and especially to enjoin upon them to abstain from taking part in armaments for the service of Russia or in any other measure opposed to the duties of a strict neutrality. To this application the undersigned, by express direction of the President, replied, declaring that the United States, while laiminthe full enjoyment of their rights as a neutral Power, will obeerve the srictest neutrality towards each and all of the belli.gerents. { IReference was made to the severe restrictions imposed bylaw nor onlyuponcitizens of theUnited States, butupon all persons resident within its territory, prohibiting the enlistment of men therein for the purpose of taking a part in any foreign war. It was added that the President did not apprehend any attempt to vio}ate the laws, but, should his just expectations in this respect he disappointed, he will not fall in his duty to use all the pow er with'whiche is investedl to enf'orce obedience to them. In view of this formal and solemn appeal by 3Mr. Crampton to the American Government, and of the assurance he received of his determination to maintain a strict neutrality, it was not for a moment susTected that Mr. COrmpton eould susunderstand its purposes, or believe he wvald be permitted to set on foot and execute for a period of five consecutive mouths a syste-I matic scheme to obtain military recruits forthe British ser-vice in the United States. "That Mr. Cramptoni did enter most deeTly into this scheme is proved by evidence already subintted to Her Majesty's Government, but is still more conclusively estabished by the addital proofs which accompany this despatch. Whatever detraction from the value of the testimony against Mr. Craspton may result from the attempt to discredit Strobel and Hertz, is muecl more than made upby the additional prodfs now adduced. This' body of strong cumualative evidence confirms the President's former conclusion as to the complicty of Mr. Crampton and the BritishConsuml atNeW or Phiadelpiia, and Cincinnati, in the illejal enterprise of recruiting soldiers for the British army withiii the United States, and the President does not doubt that when this new evidence shall be brought under the consideration of Her Majesty's Government it wll not longer dissent from this conclusion. "The gratification which the 1resident feels at the satisfactory settIesoent of the recruiting question, in so far as respects the aetion of the Bitish Government itself, has induced him to examine the case again, with the view to remove, if possible, from his mind the personal objections against Her Majesty's Minister and Consuls. The ezminatior has notproduced that effeet;* but, on the contrary, has strengthened his conviction that the interests of both Governments require that those persons should cease to hold their present offcia.l positions in the United States. He incerely regrets that Hier Majest's Govcrnment has not been able to tal;e th same view of the case, and to comuply with his request for their recall; but it has not consented to do so. " If, in the earnest desire to act with all possible courtesy towxard Her Majesty's Government, the President could have suspendsd his determination in the case in order to submit the sww testimony, which he is confident woulld have been founr4 sufficient to induce compliance with his reouest for thel: o10 the British Minister, lie is precluded troui any such thought of delay by the exceptional clihrcteft o the despatches of that gentleman, copies of -which, havin been recently laid before Par]iament, have thus come to this mnowledge of this Government, and which are of a tenor tS render furtherint3rcourse'between the Govermnnentsthrouigh that Minister alike unpleasant and detrimental to-their good inder3tanding. The President has, therefore, been coa traned by considerations of the best interests of both conntes relctantly to have recourse to the only remaining means of removing, vithout delay, these very nncceptablet offcers from the connexion they now have with this Govern' "hThis course has been deemedI necessary on account of their unfitness for the positioris they hold, arisng from 'tb$ very active part they have taken in getting up and carryig out a systes of recruiting which hasbeenattendedwith nunerous infractions of our laws, which has disturbed our internal tranquillity, and endangered our peaceful relationg to a nation with which this Government is most anxious-to maintain cordial friendship anud intimate commercial ani social intercourse. He hastberefore determined to send tc M?,r. Cramptonl, Hier Mrajestys Diplomatic Representative, his passport, and to revoke the ezeuators of tIda. MJatthewrs, Mfr. Baa-clay, and lia. Rowvecroft, British Consuls at P.hiladelphia, N~ew York, and Cincinnati. " I am, Sir, respectfully, your obedient servant, "W. L. MARCY. "George M. Dallas, Esq., &c., London." The following is Mr. Marc9's despatch on the central Amlerican Question, which accompanied the foregoing:- " Department of State, Washington, May 24, 1856. Sir,-Ism directed by the President to address you on the subject of the difference of opinion between the British Government and that of the United States regarding the construction aud effect of the convention of ApDril 19,1850, and the subject of Central Anerica generally, and state to you the views which the President entertains of that queston as it now stands, in order that you may commurnicate the same to the Earl of Clarendon, Ber Britannic Majesty's Principal Secretaay of State for Foreign Affairs. " You are aware that there has been no direct cosmunication between the two Governments on the main sabject since the letter of your predecessor, lMr. Buchanan, to the Earl of Clarendon, dated September 11, 1855, and his Lordship's reply of the 28th of the same September, andthe brief rejoinder Dy Mr. Buchanan, on the 4th of the following Octob~er. " "In his letter of the 1nth of September, M1r. Buchaunan briefly recapitulatingthe conclusions at which the President had arrived in the whole case, and which had been fully explained to the British Goverm=ent in his previous despatches, reminded lord Clarendon thatmore than a-year had already elapsed without any new step being taken by the United States in the discussion, from an unwillingness to press the subject while the attention of Her hajesws Government was engrossed by war with Russia; and he proceeded to say that the President had directed him, before retiring from his mission, as he was then about to do, to request from the British Government a statement of the position which it had determined to maintain, more especially in regard to the Bay Islands, the Belize settlement, and the Mosquito protectorate. To this communication the Earl of Clarendon replied, stating, as the final opinion of HerMjaesty's Government, that the convention of April 19; 1i50, was merely prospective in its operation, and did: not in any way interfere with the state ofthings existing at the time of its conclusion. He repeats this idea afterwards, in other form=s of expression; saying in one place that the British Government considerthat the design of the contract; ing parties was not to disturb any state of things then exist-. ing, and in another place, that, wbile the British Government have no wish to extend the limits of their possessions or the sphere of their influence in CentralAmerica, they. are not prepared to contract either the one or the other in pursuance of the interpretation of a convention to, which interpretation they cannot subscribe. Here, with. the exception of a brief note from Mr. Buchanan to Lord, Clarendon-and that upon a single point onlv-the correspondence touching the general question his remainea suspended. It will thus be perceived that in his closinr despatch the Earl of Clarendon desists from aU further discussion of the main objects of the controversy, which had previously occupied the attention of the two Governments, and rests the case upon the single position, then at length. definitely assumed and expressly announced, of particular hypotheses touching the construction of the convention. The Presideat could not but receive tbis announcement with equal surprise aud regret. He would, indeed, have been. constrained to regard it as an abrupt and complete termina-. tion of al the correspondence on the subject between the two Governments, and as imposing on this Government the painful dutv of solemnly declaring that the convention. had now ceased to be obligatory on the United States, but 'for the following expressions in the Earl of Clarendon'sdespatch - " ' The British Government share the conviction of the President of the United States that the interests of the twvo countries, and their mutual desire to maintain the existing friendly relations, will alike inspire each party with a conciliatory spirit, and enable them to overcome all obstacles to a satisfactory adjustment of the Central American questions. The British Government see no reason why it should be othervvise.' "This language on the part of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary for Foreign Affairs had the effect of preventing the President from dismissing aU hope of anamicable adjustment of the serious misunderstanding which had grown up between the two Governments. He would havebeen better satisfied if, in expressin the conviction that al obstacles to a satisfactory adjustment of the controversy might, by a conciliatory spirit on both sides, be overcome; his Lordship had been pleased to indicate the means which, in. his judgment, were calculated to produce so desirable a consummation. For want of this the President has been left to conjecture the precise idea of Her Majesty's Government. He cannot be certain that his conjecture concerning it is wel foanded; but he is induced, by certain collateral incidents which have occurred, to infer that it wns the arbitration by a third Power of the differences between the two Governments in relation to Central America. " It appears by the letter of Mr. Buchanan to this department of February 8, 1856, that on a recent occasion Lord Clarendon had stated in the House of Lords he had offered to refer the whole question to arbitration to any third Power, and that that offer had been renewed; in consequence of which statement Mar. Buchanan, not being aware of any such offer having been formaUy made by the British Government, had an interview with the Earl of Clarendon for the purpose of explanation. In that interview Lord Clarendon stated that the original offer of which he had spoken in the House of Lords referred to an' expression he had used in conversation with M1r. Buchanan. at an early stage of the discussion on the subject of Central America, and that what hehad said of a repetition of the offer was in allusion to a despatch which he had addressed to Mlr. Crampton, the British Minister at Washington, and which Mr. Crampton had cornmunicatedto this department; and he even proceeded to recount the answer which on that' occasion it was alleged Mr. Cranupton had received from me; Inzelationto this important matter, as has since been fullP' manifested, there was a misconception on both sides. In. the first place, although the note to Mr. Crampton had' been written so far back as the 10th of K\ovember, 185, and. in it Mr. Crampton had been expressly instructed to communicate it to this department, he had neglected to so; and it was not until a late hour in the evening of February 27, 1S56, and in consequence of discnssions in the Senate of the United States on the subject, that Mr. Crampton executed. his instructions in this respect, and made a communication of Lord Clarendon's note of the previous Brovember. In the second place, it had notbeen understood either by Mr. Buchanan or by his Government that the suggestions of arbitration which Lord Clarendon had made in conversation? with Mr. Buchanan were intended bythe former nS a formaL proposition to that effect on the par' of Her Maiesty's' Government. If it had been so understood, the proposi tion would have received at once the respectful consideratie of the President. It would be superfuous now t dteo on the regret which the President entertains that a proposi-' tion of this nature, which Her Majesty's Government intended as a final one, was not presented at the commenc6-w ment in such a shape as to have attracted to and fimed apon. it the attention of this Government. "The President has never ceased to be sincerely solicitous to preserve unimpaired the friendly reltion1s of the two. coluntries; and in that spirit, passing overall whicyh thero is of apparent informality in the ofer of the Liritish Government, and assuming the late communication by-Mr. Cianipton of Lord Clarendon's note of the 10th of 2 ovember as a desinite proposition, he instructs me to malb tbh resent reasponse to that proposition. At the very threshnold is the question-What is it which sbal be submittVd to arbitration? " Lord Clarendon, in his letter to Mr. Crampton of thes 10th of November, seems to assume the difference between: the two countries is merely cf the interpretation of the con-' vention of April19, 1850; lub that is not so understood by' this Government. If, indeed> it should be determined iii' anyway that'the American construction of that treaty ill correct-which is, that whatever may hlave been the state,oEU things previous to its date, yet after that neither thoUnited: States nor Great Britain iste-hold any posseasionsinlCentrat America ; thatwhenthetwvo.Governmentsgreedthitneithei' will ever occupy, or fortify, or colonize, cc assume, or exerciseany dominion overYklcaragna, Costa Rics and the Mos-. .quito Coast, or anypartof Centa-alAmerica, the stipuai comprehends as to the acts enumerated, prohibition of their i continuance as well as their initiation, witiout which bhorcould be no effective- neutralization of the Asaerierc isthmus. If, I say, such, were the agreed or setled inter-' pretation of the treaty, then, indeed, such determination~ would conclude aU existing difference, and settle it in acrcordancewith the Tiews entertained by the United Rate But, on the otber hand, it is ot easy to see how the adyerse construction, if it were adojled by an arbiter, could erm nate the differoece. Lord. Clarendon coneives that the treaty was mrely prospective 3n its operation, So it undoubtedly was in one sense; that is, that its engagement only took effeet at the time of its execution, and did but apply to all futuret ime. But when he goe6 on to infer that the treaty did not inany WAY interfere with the state of things eidsting at the,thine of iti conclusion, he not only assmes a consequence which doei not flow fron ike prsemises but he also assumelfa stah:de fads whch is -ontroverted by this Government, an& a determination of which cannot derive the leist aid from w* interpretation which he claims for the convention. ' * "The Earl of Clarendon here assumed, vithout disectlj asserting it, that at the date of the treaty Great Britaisada possessions in Central America. The existence e£ iuch possessions, or, as he otherwise expresses it, the aemnptioi of there being portions of territory occupied by Great Britain in Central Anerica, would appear to bo what lie mozr than once speaks of as ' the state of things existing at the time of its conclusion.' But this Govenment does not not understand that, ai tba date' of thit treaty, Great Britain had any po3essions, or ooCCU ied any territory in Central America. unless the British eatablishment at Belize, aith ts'd dencies (as thcme samn ar oefmea by ber tre.ties with seein) are tobe'onsiaerad'as 'sinfls /r territory in CentralmAerica. That is the onlly powible constrUCtiOn of the declarations ex- j 'changed h,tween tbe Secretry of State, Mr. Clayton, ali I the British Minister, Sir Hunry Blwer, at the time of exchanging tbe ratificati,ns of the convention. Indopepi.-. Idouly of h t cg'ntc ow'ideratiosi this Go'ennient su. posc,thas, samatterot mere fact,he state of things existag in this respect at the time of the conclusion of the con- et`in was a thing of indispatable notoriety. " I vrill not do Her Majesty's Government the injustice of presuming that when the Earl of Clarendon speaks of the pssouions of Great Brihaiu in that quarter, or of portions d territory occupied by it, he intends to be understood as meaning anything but rightful possessions and rightful occnpatton; that is, possessions and occupathon based apon prineiplea and conformed to the public laws which govern the mnternational relations of the Christian Sta'es of Europe and America. Had Great Britain, atthattime, any such possessions or occupation in Central America? If so, it mnust have consisted either in her relation to the Mosquito Indians, to Belize, or to the Bay Islands. " Firstly, as to the Mosquito coast, it is not understood tbat Great Britain now lays claim to any possessions or any territory there; all she is supposed to claim is the right to protect the Mosquito Idians. It cannot be alleged by her that those [ndians constitulte, or are competent to constitute, an independent State. admissible&as such into the family of sovereign Powvers. Nor is it pretended by Great Britain that in?the name or on bebalf of those IndianB she herself can, without contravention to the treaty, assume or exercise political sovertignty on any part of the Mosquito coast. Her Majesty's Government considers itself underobli. gations of honour to protect the persons of these Indians -nothing more-aand declares it is ready and desirous to be relieved of that duty in any manner which shal honourably assure the future condition of those Indians. Without entering here iuto a discussion of the question, whether the convictions of duty thus entertained by the British Government are well or ill founded, it seems sufficient to say there is nothing in that branch of the subect which merits the solemnity of arbitration by a third 'ower,or which ought to beregarded as incapable of being settled at any moment by direct intercourse between the respective Governments of Great Britain and the United States. Now, it is apprehended that Her Majesty's Governmnent is disposed to claim the possession, either in her owvn name directly, or that of the Mosquito i protectorate, of the port of San Juan de Nicaragua. It cannot but be admitted that the port was the old possession of Spain, her riaiht to which was as indisputable as it was to Vera Cruz ana Panama; that she had a port of entry and a fort at or near that place so long as she retained her sovereign,aty in Central America, and that then her rights of sovereignty there and of territorial possession passed to the Republic of Central America. It is true that at a subsequent period, and shortly before the date of the treaty now, i question, a British force landed at San Juan and expelled the authorities of the State of Nicaragua, which then held posas-sion of it, and retained it for a while against that State in the name of the Mosquito Indians It is true that Great Britain afterwards relinquished the place to tho so-called people of Greytown, but the orioinal taldng of it was her act; that is, she, in the vords of Lord Clarendon. placed a people under her protection in the possession of San Juan. A protectorship so exercised, and in the name of such persons as the Mosquito Indians, would, it is plain, amount to practical sovereignty. If admissible under the name of protectorship for one of the contracting parties to the convention, it would be equally so for the other, and the United States might be impelled for controlling reasons to undertake the counter protectorship of the Indians and other persons in Central America. It is not supposed that Great Britain desires to enter into any auch line of policy of conflictingr protectorships in that quarter, or contend for any construction of the treaty leading to such consequences, and of course no diffPculty between the two Governments Is .apprehended on this point, any more than in regard to the general relation of the treaty to the M osquito Indians. "Secondly, As to Belize, it being conceded that in pursuanceof explanations interchanged between Sir Henry Bulwer and Mr. Clayton, Great Britain is not precluded, by any stipulation with the United States, from continuing to exercise at that establishment aU the rights which she acquired frorn Spain, it wvould seem also that there is nothing in that part of the subject which it would become the two Governments to say to the world they cannot settle by themselves; for, although it is common in Englsh books of geography, and others, to give to Belize the application of British Eonduras, still it is too well known to admit of dispute that Belize is not, and never was, any part of Honduras; and Her Majesty's Government will not, it is assumed, as a matter of course, found on mere name any pretensions of oxtended territory in that quarter, to the prejudice of the territorial integrity of the republic of Honduras. " Finally, there remains the question of the Bay Islands, as to which there is snore of controversy-at least in appearance. It is due to perfect frankness to say that the act of Her Mfajesty's Government, establishing so late as the year 1852 (and in apparent contradiction to the express letter of the convention of 18-;0), a colony at Bay Islands, has left a disagreeable impression on the minds of the Government and people of the United States. "Posses.sin, as Great Britain does, numerous colonial establishments in all parts of the world, many of them in the West Indies, it has not been readily seen what inducement of interest she can have had to establish a new colony under the peculiar circamstances of the time in the insignificant tertory of the Bay Islands. Nor, on looking back beyond the fact of Her Majesty's warrant establishing the colony of the Bay Islands, and considering the state of things existing i that quarter at the date of the convention of 1830, does this Government well see on what ground it can be maintained that Great Britain at that time tad possession of the Bay Islands which could be deemed ightful, either as respects the engagements with the United States or territorial sovereintyof the Re ublicof Honduras. I do not understand the Earl of Ularendon positively to assert that the Bay Islands are dependencies of the British settlement at Belize. He indicates, to be sure, an inclination on the part of the British to maintain inch a claim, but concedes, at the same time, that it is a debateable question. The President does not permit himself for a moment to entertain the idea that the Earl of Clarendon will insist upon any claim of right in Central America incompatible with the most sacred respect for all the, stipulations of the treaty as understood by Her Majesty's Government. Of course, he looks to see what are the rightful sources of the British title to the Bay Islands, suggested by the Earl of Clarendon. He finds them in the statement from the Foreign-office of May 2, 1854, as communicated by Mr., Buchanan, and by him transmitted to this department. HerMiajesty's Government admits in that paper that Ruatan claimed and miltarily occupied by the former republic of Central Amnerica, as successor of the rights of Spain, but asserts at the same time the adverse British claim, manifasted by acts of authority, military and civil, and hv acts of actual possession. Occasional acts of military authority by captains of British ships of war or of civil authority by the Superintendent of Beze are insufficient, it is obinous, to determine the claim of the title as against the counter claim of the Republic of Central America or State of Hionduras. No relnquishment of title by the latter is alleged, except in certain declarations reported to have been madeby theCentra American Commanannt of Trritlfo, who, whatever he may have said, could have no poner to cede away the territory of Honduras. "The occupation of Huatan by British subjects, ns its origin and character are described in the statement, presents none of the conditions of rightful possession. Its language on that point is:-" Ruatan has been, of late aears, wnithout any instigation on the part of E er frljesty's Government, spontaneously occupled by British subjects " It is not presumable that the spontaneous occupation of P.uatan by British subjects without instigation en the part of Her Majesty's Government-that is, an act of mere invasion by unauthorized private persons -wtill be perseveringly insisted upon by Lord Clarendon as a foundation of clamn by Great Britain to the sovereignty or even rightful possession of the Bay Islands. It cannot have escaped the attention of Her Majesty's Government that the political condition of Belie, as isxed by the treaty, is not itself one of territorial sovereignty. Therefore Great Britain could never have acquired in the right of Belize and the assumed dependencies thereof the territorial sovereignty of the Bay Islands. In a word, this Government believes that the Bay Islands belong to the State of Honduras, and that, therefore, the occupation of them, and still more, their colonization by Great Britain, is contrary to the enonr of her treaty with the United States, ass being the occupation and colonization of a part of Central America. But the British Government thinks differently; and, upon the question whether the Bay Islands are subject to occupation and colonization by Great Britain, notwvithstanding her treaty w.ith the United States, the two Governments are at issue. UJpon this retrospect of the several points of differonce between the twvo Governments the President is not able to perceive that any useful result would ensue either from on a bhird Powver to say whether the convention is or is not prospective in its operation, in the sense of that dea, as expressed by Her Majesty's Government-for if that question should, by any possibility, happen to be solved in favour of Great Britain, all the substantial points of difference between the two countries wouldremain untouched; as, being wholly independent of the question of construction, the dispute would still exist as to what rightful possessions, at the date of the convention, Great Britain actally had in Central America. Anud if it is now contended b5 the British Government that, in the name of the Mosquito Indians, Great Britain may take with military force and hold San Juan or other points in Central America, such pretension would beso totally irreconcilea'Me iwith all idea of the independence and neutrality ofthe Isthmus as to render the convention worse than nugatory to the United States. Instead of submitting to arbitration a pretension involving such consequences, or in any other way consenting to restore to effect the treaty with such possible construction, itvwould, in the judgment of the President, be his duty to propose its ameedment, so as to release the United States from obligations not attended by any benefits, and which obligations, thus unattended,theUnitedStatesdidnotintentionallyincur,they having entered into treaty only on the supposition that abeo- lute reciprocity of restriction was incurred byGreat Britain. " Irepeat, if the treaty could, by anypossibility whatever, have the construction of leaving Great Britain in possession or nilitary control of the Atlantic coast of Central America, an the name of the Idosquito Indians, and with powers to colonize insular positions commanding it, on the ground of their having been "pontaneonsly occupied by British subjects," wrhile the IJmted States are restrained from all such rights of control and acquisition, that, in the estimation of the President, would be to deprive the treaty of moral force, both because itwould thus cease tohavereciprocaleffectand because the United States did not intentionallyenter into any such engagement, and if such wasa possible construction, whether it would not then become the duty of the 'United States to seek for the most honourable means of being discharged from such obligations, and render them. selves perfectly free to re-eatablis their proper relation, as an American power, to the transit routes of the American Isthmus and the general independence of America. " In fine, the President cannot consent to any act which implies the existence of a possibIe doubt as to this point, s the convention of 1850, construed in the sense above sup. posed, would not be the treaty into which the United States rntered&; nor can he do anything which could be taken to Admit, either di-ectly orimpliediY, that there is a questiorn in,his mina relative to the true construction of that conven. tion; and he feels bound to take c4re that in entertaining the present proposition of arbitration, he shall not be understood as actuated by the slightest feeling of distrust regarding the treaty rights of the United States; but the President is not prepared to say that some of the qistions of fact concernig which the two Governments difrer may not be conveniuently determined by arhitra. tion, or by some analagous mnethod. Of this class of ubjects of inquiryis the question whhat are the rightful lililt, of establishment at Belize on the side of the State of Ronduras! The question whetherthe Bay Islands do or do not belong to that Republic, and the question as to what extent of country is embraced in the term I" fosquito cc ast," or is in actual occupancy of the Mosguito Indians, considered as Indians, and with such territorial rights only as that description of persons are eatitled to claim according to the established public law of Great Britain, of the United States, or of the independent States which have succeeded Spain in America, remembering no power exists on the part of Great Britain and the United States to dispose of the sovereign rights of Nicaragua, or of any other State of Central America. "All those questions of political geography regard, in the first instance, the sovereignty, and jurisdiction of the indepenUdent States of Central America. Great Britain and the nited States havo no pretension thus to intervene, except for the purpose of defLning their own miutual obligations, arising out of engagements they may have contracted in order to assure how far they concerned the neutrality and independence of the American Isthraus. IRegarded only as collateral considerations, affecting the construction of the treaty between the United States and Great Britain, they are questions which, if not determinable by agreement between the two Governments themselves, the President would not decline to refer to arbitration. He is aware of the existence of many practical obstacles to the adjustment of any intemational difference of this nature by arbitration, of which difficulties Great Britain and the United States had experience in the attempt to settle, by such means, a previous controversy on the subject of the boundary between the United States and the British provinces in North America. The President does not doubt that any one of the Powers of Europe which should consent to undertake the task of such arbitration as is now proposed would perform the duty with perfect impartialhty; but to apply to any Power to do thLis would be to ask of them au act which, if granted, would add to their own domestic duties the labours and burden of settling the complicated differences of other Governments. He would great!y prefer that, in a controversy like the present, tuniing on points of political geography, the mrratter should be referred to some one or more of those eminent men of science who do honour to the intellect of Europe and America, and who, with the previous consent of their respective Governments might well undertake the task of determining such questions to the acceptance as well of Her Majesty's Government as that of the United States. You are instructed, therefore, to enter into communication with .Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of Foreign Affairs in relation to Central America, in order, to ascertain, in the first place, whether the existing differences cannot be promptly terminated by direct negotiation, and, if they cannot, then to discuss the conditions of arbitration upon those points of difference as to which alone this method of settlement seems requisite or applicable; it being assumed that other points of difference would, after that, yield, as a matter of course, to conferences between the Earl of Clarendon and yourself, conducted in the spirit of cordiality and frankness which belongs to your personal relations, and which is dictated by the true interests both of the United States and Great Britain. I am, Sir, respectfully, your obedient servant, "W W. L. MARCY. Geo. x Dallas, Esq., &c., London." The following iinportant debate had taken place in Congress upon the dismissal of the English Minister and Consuls:- The Message of the President informing Congress that he had ceased to hold intercourse with the Minister Plenipotentiary of Great Britain having heen read, together with the Last communication of Mr. Marcy to Mr. Dallas,- Mr. Mason moved that the message and accompanying documents be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and be printed. Mr. Cass said,--I have listened with pleasure to the reading ofthe dispatch of the Secretary of State. It is a powerful and conclusive analysis of the whole case. It appears to me that the honour of the country imperatively demanded the dismissal of this officer. My desire is to have the facts spread before the people. Mr. Mason.-I read, as doubtless other Senators did, with great care and deliberation, the despatch which the British Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Lord Clarendon, has written in reply to the demand made by this Government for the recall of Mr. Cramipton, the British Minister, and to which the despatch of Mr. Marcy, just read at your table, is an answer. I was gratified to find that its tone was temperate, courteous, and conciliatory. It contained a full, unreserved, and unqualified disclaimer of all intended offence on the part of the British Government, couched in language which struck me as peculiarly emphatic, and well suited to the occasion. So far as the act of its Minister here was concerned, the despatch stated in substance that the contents of Mr. Marcy's letter had been made known to him for the purpose of explanation, and that his own Government was satisfied that their Minister bad no desire or purpose to commit any infraction of our laws or any disrespect to our sovereignty. The whole despatch of Lord Clarendon, as I have said, was conciliatory, and, as I thought, well and justly conceived; but contained no special response directed to the demand of this Government. The British Government did not say whether it would or would not recall its Minister, and I construed it to mean that if, as was stated in the despatch of Mr. Mfarcy, there yet remained an opinion in the American Government that the British Afinistsr here was unacceptable to it, they did not feel themselves at liberty to fnterpose further. I so construed it. The very interesting and able document which has just been read, I am gratified to find, is of the same character with the despatch to which it is an answer. It, too, is temperate, calm, and conciliatory. It receives, in the spirit in which it was offered, the disclaimer on the part of the British Government, and I confess, for myself, I thought it due. After recapitulating the proofs implicating the British Minister here in acts discourteous to the country, which, whether so designed or not, were in derogation of the sovereignty of the country, it was intended, as I understand, to show the British Government that our self-respect required the original demand should be carried into execution. The British Government was therefore informed that the British Minister continued unacceptable in this country, without any imputations on him as a gentleman or as a Minister representing in his own judgment, as he considered, in the best manner, the interests of his own country. Great Britain has been informed that, because of the relations which he had established here, he must continue unacceptable to us, and probably could not be useful to his own Government. While I know, from the temper of our people-and I believe I know from the dispositions of the present Administration-nothing could be further from their purpose or design than to commit any discourtesy to the British Government. I hope, from the character of the correspondence, no discourtesy will be inferred. I can see none in the temper of the paper, and I can see none in the occasion; but I am free to declare as a Senator (and thus participating in the Government) that, under the circumstances existing,-under the proofs connecting the British Minister with the enlistments for the foreign legion of Great Britain, however he may not have designed it (and I take his disclaimer as it has been given to us), owever he may not have designed to complicate himself with a question which would be offensive to our country or a disregard of our laws, the fact remains that he did so - and there is no alternative on the part of this Government but to dispense with his further residence among us. I can see no cause in the world even to alienate the two countries. I shall have misapprehended the despatch of Lord Clarendon if it will not be received, as it was intended, to place this subject at the disposal of our Government, without construing the dismissal of their MEnister into any discourtesy whatever. Mr. Cass.-My friend from Virginia intended to inovefor the printing of an extm number of Mir. Marcy's despatch, but hee omitted to do it, and I now suggest that it-is a measure which ought to be taken. The despatch is a very important one. I have already expressed my gratification at its tenor, at its logical purport, and at its general character. It is written with great power, and in a tone of courtesy becoming our Government in its diplomatic intercourse. The suspension or interruption of diplomatic relations between two countries is a very ordinary event in the intercourse of nations, and cannot lead to war unless one or the other of the parties is determined upon that extreme measure. No just cause of war can arise out of such an act, In the first place, the British Government should not visit its displeasure upon our Minister in London by dismissing him. There is no pretext for it. It is, i believe, the comity of nations that when a Minister is ottensive to the Government to wbich he is accreditedi he should be recalled. An ambassador, who is a Minister of the highest grade, and represents, as it is said, the person of tho Sovereign, is never sent to a European Government without, in the first instanoe, ascertaining if he will be acceptable. This is the common law of diplomacy. Leaving everything else out of view I think the moment the British Government ascertained that Mr. Crampton was unaccept. able to the Government and people of this country,it shonld at once have cheerfully recalled him; but it his not seen proper to do this, and now Mr. Crarapton leaves here at the desire of our Government. I repeat, the suspension of diplomatic relations is avery ordinary occurrence in national intercourse. When I was commissioned as Mlinister to France in 1836 there had been no diplomatic intercourse between us and France for perhaps two years previously. I did not go to France at once. I was in.structed by General Jackson to go to England, and I went there and remained until, through the British Government, it was ascertained that it would be eeable to the French Government to receive a Minister from the United States. I remained there until that answer came, and the answer was a very courteous one, and I immediately repaired to Paris, and was well satisfied with my reception. I merely allude to this circumstance to show that the suspension of diplomatic relations should not give serious cause of apprehension to any man in this country. The case of the dismissal of the British Minister in Spain is a very recentand well-known event. That actgave noseriousoffence to the British Government. I need not review the circuns-tances. The occurrence is a well known diplomatic fact. The Spanish Government sent the British Minister out of the country, and without the observance of much courtesy. England herself has sent an ambassador home to this country under a guard. I repeat. unless England wants to go to war with us, no injury will result from the termination of the diplomatic services of Mr. Crampton. If she is determined on war, and seeks only a pretext, that isanother question. I do not believe she does, and have no apprehension of the result. I now suggest that 10,000 copies oF this document be printed, as it is a very important one, and will be read with interest by the American people. Mr. Pratt.-Does the motion include the whole correspondence? M1r. Cass.-The despatch of Mrr. Marcy. Mr. Mason.-I think it would be better to have an extra number of the whole correspondence printed. Mr. Cass.-Perhaps so; it is an important element of history, and it is too extensive to be published by private enterprise. I move, then, for the printing of 10, ) extra copies of all the documents. The Presiding Officer (Mr. Foot in the chair).--Under the rule of the Senate the motion for printing the extra numbers will go to the Committee on Printing. Mr. Toombs.-While I agree with the hon. senator from Michigan, that the dismissal of the British Minister does not necessarily lead to a disturbance of our peaceful relations with Great Britain, I must express my regret that t'e matter has taken this course. Oar Government, having been satisfied, as it acknowledges, with the representations of Great Britain upon the question in dispute, ought to have allowed the British Minister to remain as a necessary consequence. It is in vain for this Government to say that the subject in dispute is satisfactorily explained; to declare that the aplog or explanation of the British Government is accepted, and then to go on and remove the Minister who was the very occasion of the dispute. While I agree with our Govcrnment that the explanation vwas sufficient, I think they greatly erred, after obtaining a sufficient explanation from the Britih Government, in interrupting the diplomatic intercourse between the two countries. M1r. Cass.-I cannot agree with the hon. senator from Georgia. I repeat what I said on a former occasion, the error committed by this Government was in not sending away Mr. Crampton as soon as his conduct was ascertained. I think it should have been done the very moment our Government found that he was an accessory to these proceedings. That error has, however, been repaired by the present measure, which, I thinL-, is fully justified by the circumstances. If I understand it-for I heard somewhat indistinctly-Mr. Marcy has said, with due courtesy, that our Government exonerates the British Government from the intention of violating our laws, but he does not exonerate Mr. Crampton. The responsibility of the Minister is to his own Government. He is, under the present cir- cumstances, an unacceptable diplomatic agent-disqualified 1 to manage the concerns between that country and ours. Hle has placed himself in such a position that he is unacceptable to the American Government and people. Our Government has credited the disclaimer of the British Government of any intention to violate our laws or our sovereignty, and, in my opinion, has gone quite as far, to say the least of it, as the facts justify; but yet Mr. Crampton has placed himself in a very different predicament. The misfortune is that in our diplomatic intercourse with England she is prone to adopt a vocabulary of her own, or rather to affix new meanings to old words. She tells us, in effect, that enlistment" now d'oes not mean, as it formerly did, enlistment for military services, and as common sense teUs you it does; bat that it means hiring a man to perform a railroad contract. It is an illustration of the position that "occupy " does not mean "occupy," but means that you shall not hereafter acquire land. If, Mr. President, you should make a contract that after a given day you wiU not occupy any land in a certain district, one would suppose it meant what it expressed, and that after that day you must cease your occupation there. Not so, says the British Government; it means quite another thing-that you shall not therenfter acquire anyland vwithin the prohibited district, butyoumayhold.whattyouopreviously possessed; or, in other words, that occupation means acquisition. Enlistment has now got to be a different thing from what it formerly was. We are told that it is no violatin of our laws or sovereignty to hire men, and topay their expenses to go to Halifax, under the pretext of a railroad contract, and with the understnding that they are then to enlst into the British army. I the law can be thus avoided it is not worth a straw. I think that, under the circumstances which have been developed, Mr. Crampton is useless in this country as a diplomatic agent. I say this without the least intention of utterig a hash word in relation to that gentleman, who no doubt thought he was serving his own country while violating thelawsof ours; but I repeat that the moment this Government informed that of Great Britain that its Minister here was unacceptable, he should have been gracefully vithdrawn, without hesitation and without complaint. Mr. Toombs.-I concur in the last remark of the Senator from Michigan ; but we have got beyond that point, and I think the result is an unfortunate one. When I rose before, it was only for the purpose of expressing my disapprobation of this unfortunato result of the controversy. I did not choose to go into the enlistment question pending between the two Governments, because I differed from my own. I think that matter has been pressed to a pointrather of pettifogging than of statesmanship. I do not concur in the extent to which our Government has gone in constraing our neutrality laws. I do not think the British Government has violated themn in anything which it has done. I have therefore refrained from an expression of opinion on this subject, because the negotiations were going, on; and, now that they have been terminated, I take this occasion to express my disapprobation of the constraction p~aced byour own Government on the neutralitylaws of the Mir. Butler.-I think, with the Senator from Georgia, it is very unfortunate that the British Minister has been dismissed nowafterthis protracted correspondence. During the time when the allies and Russia were engaged in war it was highly proper for the United States to say " hands off P" so far as regards our own people in this controversy; and especially, in my opinion, as we had every reason at that time to conciliate, or at least not to offend the Russian Government. After that occasion has passed, when the subject has been lengthily discussed, and everything is on the ebb, Ithink this course is hardly proper. I do not say that the British Government has a right to take exception to it; but I would much prefer to have the thing done at once, or not at all. I know no reason why the two Governments should be involved in commercial difficulties and retaliation, much less in war. If the sword is to be drawn, I should regard it as a great calamity; I do not hesitate to say so. I would avert it, as far as I possibly could, by my counsels; I would avert it, as far as I possibly could, consistently with the honour of my own country. The British Minister has been dismissed, and I suppose the developments will afford what our Government considers justification for it; butI think, considering the tem r which pervades the correspondence of Lord Clarendon though I have not read the whole of it), and the tone which now seems to pervade the public mind in both countries, thiswill be looked upon as an inopportune time for the dissolution of our diplomatic relationswithGreatBritain. Iamsorryto saythat suchismy opinion. I know thel sage counsels of my friend from Mtichi,gan will go very far, and his remarks may make an impression on the public mind in Great Britain wFhere mine, perhaps, will never even drop. I do not say that our Govern. ment is not justified; I only say that I think it has chosen a very inopportune time. Mr. Mason.-I do not mean to continue this conversation, for it is such, further than to add a very few words. I understood the Senator from Georgia to say that, in his judgment, the laws of the United States had not been violated by the acts of the British Minister in the enlistment matter. Mr. Toombs.-Yes, Sir. Mr. Mason.-If his judgment be right, of course there was not only no ground for dismissing the Minister, but no ground whatever for complaint. It is, then, a question of factwhich will go to the country, and the country wiU decide whether the Senator from Georgia has taken a correct view of the facts as shown by the evidence, or whether the correct view has been taken by the Administration. But I suppose the Senator from Georgia will admit that if the fact be otherwise, and if the British Minister, by his conduct here, did violate the laws of this country, the action of our Government upon it, whether delayed too long or not, was rightfuL I have now a word to say in reference to what has fallen from the senator from South Carolina, who, I know, looks as closely as any other senator to the honour of the country. He says he thinks the conduct of the Government may be justified. Sir, if the Government has done right its conduct is to be sustained and applauded. This is the view which I take of it. The senator from South Carolina says the time had gone by, the wvarwas over, the occasion for these enlistments had ended, the public mind had assumed a more conciliatory tone, and that, because of the delays, it should have been looked on rather as a bygone affair. Sir, let the senator remember that the demand for the recall of this Minister was made in a despatch dated at Washington on the 28th of December last, which reached the British Government in about 10 or 12 days at the furthest, and the reply was dated the 30th of ApriL About four months elapsed between the date of the demand and the date of the reply During that period of four months the war was ended. We were not informed of the result of this demand until four months had thus elapsed. The British Government during that time sent to Mr. Crampton to get his explanation, and was engaged in negotiating the peae. All t'h-is "w"a-ssat-isfactorily explained as cause for delay. Our Government is certainly not responsible for that delay in any form. Then it results, as 1 understand,-such, at least, is my im- preon of the posture of the correspondence-that the Brit;ih Government declared they gave no instructions which could be constraed into a purpose on their part to violate our laws, or show disrespect to our sovereignty. They endeavour to show that, so far as the British Government are concerned, it has not been done. They regret that we should have entertained such an opinion. They disclaim it. It is very well done on the part of the British Governmentperrectly acceptable to our Government, and is so declared most explicitly. As to the acts of the British Minister here, the British Government do no more that the British Minister disclaimed such a purpose to them. Our Government are satisfied that, although the Minister did disclaimit, and doubtless disclaimed it as a fair and honourable man-I do not mean to question that-the facts remain proven to this Government showing that be did violate our laws. In my judgment, therefore, if this Government had failed to dismiss the British Minister, the British Government fail. ing to recall him, they would have been derelict in their duty. Mr. Cass.-Mr. President, in my opinion, we owed it to our position among the nations of the world to dismiss Mr. Crampton. We could not have maintained our character without doing it. The Powers of Europe were watching our course. We demanded his recall when England was engaged in war; we got no satisfactory answer. The facts are all disclosed now in time of peace, when the heavy pressure on England is removed; and, for one, as an American, I do not want it said that we made a demand when England was engaged in a mighty confdict, and now, when her difficu!ties are removed, abandon the just reparation we demanded. In my opinion, we should have reeived the contumely of the world if we had not brought this matter to its present consnmmation. The hon. senatorfrom Georgia says there was no justification for this course. Sir, I believe there is not a nation of Christendom, and hardly a Moham medan or a
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As some misapprehension seems to exist as to the terms upon which orphans of our Crimean soldiers have been admitted into the Caledonian Asylum, I beg to state that the committee of the Patriotic Fund pay 15t. a-year for each of the 30 children placed in the aylum by them. This sum, however, does not meet the expenses of the children, and the Patriotic Fund Committee, considering the large contributions from Scotland, and that the rulea of the Caledonian Asylum do not permit an endowment from the fund, have expressed their intention to place more children in the asylum, and to pay for them all a sum equal to ihe expenditure on their account. I am. Sir, vour obedient servant. FRANCIS CRRW Secretary. Caledonian Asylum, June.
Trustees-The Right Hon. Lord Tenterden; Charles 7f,by, Eq,. C.E. FR S~. Si;an harles Dickens, E3sq. - rhic -hsza Henry Wyatt, BAa. Rankers-Messrs. Remsain, BouTeris, and Co., F&U-OIEII, Mr. Benjamiin Webater. the sole prop)rietorand ownerof the freeold of the Royal Adelphi Theatre. London, hiving lately purchiased rery extei,sive freehold property adjoining, hxa decIdedl upon rebuildine and eular,ging this theatre, whbich la acknowledged to be the hnest and most valuable threatrical site ius the metropolis. For this purpose, ixx order to meet a portiont of the conseQuent expenses, and itduce a pereonaLl intereet ot the patrons of the drama in the unetkn.Mr. Webster has determineid to issue a limited number of Debentures (not to exceed 50 at thei mOst) to the aubli bearing interest at 5 per cent. per annum, pilayablehlf.yearLy,ad seenter upon the freehiold of the Royal Ad-h hate swl as up)n the adjoiuing freehold abOTe mentioned. Only applicants wfilbe attended to who, can give andoubted references of respectability. Each debenture to be £500, payable as foillows :-410 per cent, to be deposited ou application for debenture or debentures, whicht wil be returned, free of all charge, if no allotment is made ; £25~ . each debentura sspou allotment, less the deposit; and the residue by 3onthly sluns of £3. rm the day of such allo!ment;: which sums wil bear interest at the rate aforesaid, from the time of their respective pay. mneats to Messrs. Ransom. Bouverie, and Co. (anuallyze trnfrble)n t all panta of ttheheatreu befor the lortaint debetur hoder hi or er omiee=to e o core of aprove commenckg from the 29th of September. sum of zi. being 1 per cent ontet am. n of.. the.. al..otment. Teore on Wbther ltEyal A elphi Theatre,adajii reod,are a.bly. The tlrms. of soura propectuoad of bnei~ opy the or fWrsumLn thf L2oprd deabenture, loM the auboitedept fon the alletotmntobeing debentuee ofro thevidateo suhealltme srsent. ul nomd hti rB hepans,ad so ast appt.OnThrovdaoy neth ie Boad o work and theordChamerain willTbe.suMite orni therIptormno te- pLkcesses of Proveneialy Teatresiredresprectfllyminforfrme,matoa compltae pla.onDwO locaini DbAMpeIfCoMP ed thas beno oragaiedy fortatTOdRMthroughoutathe United Kingdom. Theufollowing dis- tinUise RY-LsANE.beeengagdl-is eihMhry Opa Mdr. then Dasanage. Jmest Rogesrs, fd. AH. Tauny and EdwardgsburayTiss Jenn N cigtof n,gMrs.hOpers,.-The Diranctossuthes,anedMs by stb n. im o reextianeu aidenis reuied ppblicatio's tohei madherto erfEwadourt%ay, Sceayandiast Treacer bedford-chainmberos, 8 SDtouthamptonstreet, scovesint-sanardennorefore fordy nhext, grthe -icatondav Etrahoou Ngt-oannThurceday net,he 9.wil bepese retio tedoh BVrerdis highly sucessfulut oper. a. TRATE ViOUNtTAIN SYLPH, iscfiedoform THIfSdo SViNGno aLuocyi BaronBsg Daupny SiL O ALRbgnosBneetao.T informi with ariend Balltet Dubiertiss met,bisi PNNUt BNFTalioi Grande plaeat doe aeoxe Tdleatr Taoi malorrraynding. Chare 1List.,Grand w2ll de DreuxntdlAuer'sBopetm of VAnDrI.OL LEa Degidoloa: Mdrl. MA aerieirstagioni and be LoYCEUM byaCnoTHETheBperormnc illcocldePe wiormane. wLltak plce, on LU hIA h occLAsion ORwilltsma be pefre htenwtagdy,f entiMtleder a his)E.resdence,adame CisorlegeCrewsa,mdlen-town; slidottfo MrCattrioce di Croe, boxdffme.Fliai n ivnta tdize,tRpaeni: .m irsonTEand eLant (hilre TofGirasne and MY ed ius).lle. IM. andktoB. GOn Cresnte. Sinor Tedseroy Orile, Seignre BcomeyoSingle lapofoeo SigThorsPdatel liday Gasnd Signorda Gfirk. thme door whill bheaopened at half-epst 1.Thotaedy ofywlfl commhence Atf,adtermhichnathesbefoe 'clock Bores andtl sTralls may beg seuredg atthe boxk-ofc, andh a r thowed prnhpa dirr admsc ManellPe rs'.tei-opn, nEGn&0e0eWetX.G Th UmmeseOrEcepio givNUAby thNe pbic tio therlp hithWerto sncesdaf,uly2efofborkan niows op paebeoethinumru destie haVe the honoduru tohanounee That the dtrpresentedSationre plyofJh THrEt' celNbrate roAntic oprera,db TH MORUNTAFO Rech Flynges Dutcmadn eoeryIeinign.-Hloirs ie and Beronad, Tofn Maheath, Mrik. Heonriy.HaiehdaOn Thuesday.Na Dav and oiayMther Entetaimole ents, frath benefSituo rlg.EllIot G Nr.GO StuayThe Eo Ele otran Theabene.io TMr. J,VH,Tally conduct,or and compose,isn TH b PEAet- OII UET TRE OYAHODR TY-After -bh TM. ELLIOT DAGHLERbg to inform his friensg and Cuthepubli that morro Evening thel 7hinstg wNhen willher Ups,"eftom Auber's opera o fohoed Bby laCncGirt. The perfcuoracwiland with thTHR eE N .r.EllUCiotGlr :'at haisrnden(irtie),3 Cos Lleepae Camdten-yzTown; andofxmre2.;ha1lerton, atthRoz-office.pnrmltl5 PROFATESSROYAL,ERSAY,aRKt Sad1rrsgo- montPme for theNwekR:-THIThEYE4 (Mnoeronay) t cmmencen crated wit Ai DAYom'e A aTE the WEadadIG Ahter wharcich, bith time th no coedyof HE VILGENUS.Tom Rwotoemeo (the Evil Gnius).Mr.Bcketon. On Te oday and ofeonesdiay,the reviedeoedf SigleLfe,On Tursay,erdayroan Sthedorda firtL time, atmethis theatrte. Morsw Capen's comendyo lhat tileper Dcsaughter ASter wic, onER teeeveningS,thenLittl Treasue, inpAt whicem MisDBlnhe Ranwilway Shre-appear.Afetecmdeeerevn Manul eez ad thir cmpan, inB G iAmerUSNO Withon, atso T ETREVIROY AL,EHAyMARKETAG-NM BUCKVSTOxNEow OperAL BEperFl T willtae pin ooonrs Wried- EATR VITEQUDINGaddrnh ewLLbE,prsete LhaurepetrOn playdof TH W oNTElI' TAies. BPreededSboAPRNCEndoR. T'HA TRAVROYAL opeteiin,AEfHo-relaHtorthe, .&Fbyi Dutchman,wt evetryaveitg.-fr ties at second. prie of i Like an Unlike.ndMonday. uedayo hrdy,adFisy.Btl of Amk WednesAy Andb MatuwreayO-TyI E NIG,rthe Feand tarsllugsupenturleffetsrnp hidipanofre aosmagorieilluSions. Vanderon n aam eet ay,M.B estr ee o intersting newithaphirdrama of LK MAND UoLoIKE: by rMdrd.B Webser 4 r. Wright. and Madame Cendon e theLtAndTheare othISeVEIND.G,LoVR'onawihoccsion Edardne Mraywllad sring 2sben pmaotrL from.Capo Balns' opera of. PETR1lCHI Ka&thaorine ( oretim) Mustbls H.edortenay. Priate boes, £2d 2o.; stals Ne. Bondo-stee oetro.0tilS I3RTLEDSORRITNsEVISOL, Batad byrGEOWEU eaoefJly7,IN M COandTMYSERYasgb Professor ADE byOG.-A. sACAmeexEaodn. r srensaio CreatdbisAefomNces atCHeLStandardwIch characie this wPINdOrfOierTeer pateycedby Thaweeate perforSchmanmIzce wl be. reatpses nightly andIted applaueri o andmoreenthusiardsticet,charater th roned RotShougtoerman ce mpsiteiosmit ed tthatdfoe. a-h GeatWizr ofAth SNorh.A theousands arDtrneam,om thedor every4 nightgl fety, and nooni lalo btai admissionl whousidoes not come Act an I50 cnes, EVERY EVENNG.or-Stanrde hareeppst Esatern CobrUntiestRilwa, onheorditchir. fomT Wie.Llia Cookeebegs tod lannuc di hisme numerou parnsbh notpbility, d g ienty.anopblc, hatha Dfarrandgedte rlmiaieo gvnTWO GHUNDREFASHOABLMSan HE- YINSSan MIDISAYEhTEltTandfMilETs (uod nde high c) patonge paon Monday,June 23.pandimonda.,iJunel30,rcommencingeat, proecIs., pmfrecis4oy. Boxao.fe opengdlr fromd in til4clo ck,no s.6. Earlya ypoliction ncssarys Boosey ad Sons,ponedon.el orhryLNTO ILAS and AsuAn TA QU D ILE by he '3 odscnet mt iLaureoevntg o Verdi'us enoew opiera. U frice s BooseyandpSons, Wlondon.22 HEb NordanTAwIthPotri Of MiLVE.RiclmNi. PIclsmedS,i clTh.loolyandSos oit odon-AR. TeuibJSPRIG Price ~do. Cooe and Sons LVondon. f ono,7-T 'mdy M ENDELSSOHN.-SIX of his best TWVO-PART SONGS are in the PlAxISTA, No. 105, for 2s.-Ah Would that My Love. Passage-Birds Greeting, N-ag BellB, AutuLmn Song, and O Wont Thou in the Claud Blast, all- with the English and G erman wors Gay ansd Ca., 67. Platernoster-row; or post free for 24 stamps. BETOVEN's 32 SONATAS for PIANO -in two voums £; MozaTtsa Pianoforte Works, inx two ,iiines Xl. Caraefe.These are the most correct editions, and their low price excite eea astonishment. Gustav Scheurmann and Ca., importers of aoeg ui and publisher,, 86 Neawgate-street.. - WH AT WODERFUL MANt'he POSTMAN!A TELME NOT of OTEHER LANDS; Nlew o Bald Price 2s., free for stamps. *'The sweetest strain of melod itas been our lot to hear, It haunts our very dreams,"- xaier. Almx "Singt, Sweetf8ister." new Ballad. Price 2g. London. JeweU (from Soho-squarel, I04 Great Russell-st.. Bloomabury. A MORNING and EVENIN(* SERVICE, Te _LLDamn. Jublate. Sancins, Kyrie Elezcon. Gloria, N-ioene Creed, Malsncat.andNuncDimittis, composed for CarlisleCaitedratL Vocal sawr, with oxrn acompaniment, Ss.; separate iocal parts, is. Gd. each. By W, . BE'ST. London, Robert Cocks and Co., Newilur. lington-street, yourBoo. N.2.Pat--r~e N.3.Lulaby. No. 4. Good Night. Englshorkby OHNOXETOID. usc by WILHELM TANBER. rie, osplte.Is G., en pstfee PblishedbyEwer and Co. 39, Ofor-sree, sle ubisheso th etire works of Mendel- 1AJUSICAL LIBRARY.-Subacription to the UNI-' VALCIRGCULATING, MUSICAL LrIIHA Y, two gniness pe annum. scisbers annually presnted with one guealln's wort of usic "UrrtraiedlrtheanieyandQuality of its contents." NOTICE to ADVERTISERS.-ADVERTISE. MENTS inserted in every London anaL country n3ewq*iper by 'Messr. SMITH and Co.. 157, Strand, free of charge for commisioa. INUNDATONSi.FR NCE.-ThCor3nittee wi andtthigy dat o 8Mondsr.,Jrmel 16ta ematildok-ho at2pj.m aday t' saine howruntllf;;therioU.oe. ,Bubiptimsu naidoftbefxnd for the rellefoftbe'jffem tb.~ mudstion arore evd bY All the London bankers ; and by the, Rl.~ Ro. utheLardMayor,teeTrearerofthp.,azv eThoecondsubippioDllistwribepnbllshed an Wdnedaynext. J. STA6DISH HALYj)aon. AN.DB 8cBIi BeL pENEDn by M oIorr. tboi3as Green and eO 31 Tbllaneedle- t (agets for tohe Alliaobe Bank. Paris), in aid oj the suhferersithXec lFer ienatrous Feurdatiou c AU amounts Copn bEARtd t oniceD to the lich of beul,e du ano be Istoefd for et.ao the dsoaelo the Genth . Borncld ofo distb oE uPtioIDontbnt oItTIeONS towards the Relielf of theSufererso areRCEIVEDatfo dao3. hatinn tiefllowig Thomen i d Feent stbeda, audetwe fe aed 2 ThebCoepont Paretilomt moe the a=uitio bedigtnawi bpreanvoust I CMpaymnt, o cmmGzo C o Moday Ba 2TO, EirLtn nd !Aeft7 oellrincT e ounes.cL Thusdy, Etn the samb urs. The DiidndEEB d hlfeoSIabT her L c doads, and evern teDenrTues. dam ad be paida betn thebor1e Ban' r t_erat o the C PUelrS Eent pe &nxCm. asbeome.ld. o30 Te Coupons aene pobe leftoroeI e nllxnatiSoeihtc san s b de Toue fo tDyent dne ent. th ee 0thit0 Madut ay the I5t. insanug, and 1wery utithefoarne. a Cdeupesai aldue-ar in o5 and all 2 he thernnredf Eirsu nten thpe 0th insfn and the letof August flloi uT thefou aEar Coupon de iune 1861 and Extra wi b receve fore capitalization till the end of the prerent nonth, and again after the lst of August. The remisining opstament of theA-nultics issued in 8O3 is in ourese Giofvpayment. SlG. OLE. XdeB33RITO, FInancialAgen t roruguese Financia Agency. Finsbury- Quhambers, June 14, 18556. HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. Second Appear.nce of Mdlle. JohannaWagner. TlSmrS o EVeng (Tedy.Jn 1)wl be performed BEIElllnl'aIt opea. CAULErI D IliINTEOHI Roeo.Mdle.Johanua W Inr uli Eeot, sMdle DJenn Baur: TobaTldoi, hSinr. Icichudt Loreno. Sgnor ouch; andCapello. Signor Bnvoao r tbe~ ~~Mr BalSeewl eintrorducd )ir ertiZ einn. sd or Toe Marie iou' nde 5 ThaEleS. ToS conclude witx a Ballet RTOYAL ITALI OPERA, LYCEUM. F'irt Night of Don Giovanni. First Appeaance of Madame loosa Dorriet. Extra Night. THIS EVENIG (Monday, June 16) an Extra Night wil take place, on wbich ocCasion will b Performed (for the frat time thix seaon) Mozart' opera DON GIOVAtNh Iwith the following Powerful cast :-Donna, Amma, lifadame Rosa Devries (her first a3=rane in England); Elyira, Fidile. Marsi; Zerlins. Madame 0; DonX Giovanni, Silgnor Ronconi; Lelporello. Herr Forznres (his first appearance this sEason); Masetto, Signor Polonini; fl Commendator, Signor.Polonini ; and Don OttaTio, Signor Gardoni (his fims aPpear mnoe in that character at the Royal Italian Opera). Condctorr-. lIr. Costa. The Minuet in the Eirst Act wil be danced by M. Dosplaces and Midle. Cerito. DRURY-LANFJ.-ERGLISH OPERA. 'Under the Management of Messrs. J. H. Tally and F. KXin bor. THEIS EVENING wi be performed THE MOUNTAIN hlEJI.? Lucy Esctt, Mi BDyer, Mr. Hen iHaigh, Mr.d Durad, Mr. Halford, Mr. Bernard, -o. To conclude wcith THE BEGGARS' OPprA. THEABTE ROYALM' HTYM KET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING, A DAY AFTER THE WEDDING. After whieb, THE EVIL GENIUS. Mesrs. BmoCkstoue Comepton. Swarborough. F Fitz-willlam. Ac. Perea . ena and the Spanish Dancers. With THE RIGHTS AND WRONGS OF WOMAN. TOYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. 'Unde the Mangement of Mr. Charles en. THIS EVENING willbo presented A PRINCE FOI AN R*o7r. Afoterwbich Shakopsots play of THE WINER'S TA'E t. THEATERE ROYAl., ADEHL'I iroprIetor. Mr. B. Webster:-e Diretres CMdame CeDeate. THIS EVENING, THE FLYING DUTCHMAN: Meeaos. 38, Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, C. Selby. . Bland; Misses M. eole Our Kel.and Madame Celegt. With (at second price) LIKE NI UNIKE : Mesns. B. Webster. Wright, MtBdWyndbam, atdM ume Celeste. ______________ 3ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee. Mr. Alfred Wigan. TIEaS EVENING, A FASCINATING INDIVIDUAL M lr. 21. Robyon, YlissCatleton aodMarston. a fETRIBUTION: Messrs. A. Wigan G. Ving, Emery, Miss Herbert. And CATCHcNG A hERMAIiD. TitusTuRns. Mr.F.oRobeon. Commence at patist&7. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHTHEFATRE. Leswe and Manareir, Mr.W. Cooke. THIS EVENIG. THE HORSE OP THE CAVERN ; cr. Tle Mounted Brigands of the Abrauz. Mr. W. Cooke's Horses, trained by him. Als the Equestrian Exercipes in the Circle. The Double Revolving Athletee. To conclude with THEE FESTIVAL OF PEACE; ~,Honouir to the Brave. TO CORRESPON~DENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the prica of Tue Tunds is reducedato 4d., andathat 5;d. is -the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Undler the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Tinms is transmissible Iby post to B3ritish colonies and foreign countries -Vaffout an imin'esscc stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communitations. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated Iby the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, bhut as a guarantee of his good faitlh. S Tho pubUlcation ofTrxTnar commencedat5 o'clock on Saturday morning, and dished at 20 minutes past 9.
LONDON, MONDAY, JUNE 16, 185I. The despatch of Mr. mAcv, containing the American Cabinet's full reasons for dismissing the British Minister and Consuls, is now before the English public. It is addressed to Mr. DALTas, and reviews the whole question with a minutenesa which must make it interesting to all who wish to be acquainted with the rise and progress of the dispute. There is nothmg to complain of on the score of discourtesy or intemperance; if, indeed, this document covertly contains either, it is a most diplomatic composition. AU that the British Government or people could desire to be said of themselves is said in the American SecretaryBs despatch. The conciliatory spirit of Lord CLARENDON is recognized, the unwillingness of our Governaent to offer intentional affront is courteously credited, and the necessity of two such nations living in peace and amity is duly admitted. But still Mir. CramrToN is dismissed. The last indignity which one State can pass on another is inflicted on Great Britain. As far as America is concerned, diplomatic intercourse h-bs been interrupted between the two countries. As far as depends on her the relations of the two countries have passed into the phase which is supposed usually to precede a state of war. Why, then, has the President of the hUriTD STATzs proceeded to such an extreme ? The long despatch of Mr. M&=v is devoted to answering this question. The British Government, he allows, is faultless, or has erred excusably, and the American Government is satisfied with our explanations; but M1r. CIumIToi's conduct has been marked with indecorum, if not dishonesty; he has become offensive to the Cabinet of the States; his presence will be an obstacle to a good understanding for the future. On these purely personal grounds he is dismissed. It is not our duty or intention to defend any diplomatist who may be proved to have misconducted himself in the capital of a foreign State. It is absurd for us to insist on the presence of a man at Washington who may be known to have, with reason, made himself distasteful to those to whom he is accredited. The question is whether the American Secretary of State accurately narrates the facts of the case, and draws just inferences from them. MIr. CnAIPToX, he urges, was from the beginning the prime mover in a scheme which he had full means of knowing was contrary to the law of the 7united States. The British Minister, we are told, had at the commencement of the war asLed for assurances of neutrality from the States. These, of course, referred to the issue of letters of marque and the supply of warlike stores to the Russians. The PxEsiDN his Cabinet gave the assurance, and called the British 3Minister's attention to the fact that such neutrality would be impartial, and must not be violated by the alies. A few months after followed the unfortunate scheme of enlistment. Acts were committed which the British say were not violations of the American law, but which Mr. MmAAcy urges were declared to be such by competent American Courts. On the ground that the Uinited States mnst decide their own municipal law for themselves, he takes it for granated that the sovereign :ights of his country were actually violated. The British Government has disclaimed all willingness to offend, and the facts of the case are allowed to prove ithatthe wrong, if real, was committed through iguo: rance, for the British Government at once sent out orders to discontinue the enlistment and balc, up the recruiting-offices even within its own terni-
It is not diffictlt to account for the unanimity of approval with which, on Friday night, the House of Commons received Sir C. WOOD'S proposal that there should not be any very considerable reduction in the Navy Estimates. Putting aside the probability-remote enough, as we believe-of a conflict w-ith America, the House was not only -warranted, but bound by the experience of the recent wvar, to provide against such a reduction of our naval force as should make it unequal to any unforeseen emergency, and cause undue delay or expense at a critical conjtuncture. According to Sir C. WooD's project, the contemplated reduction will not exceed 14,000 men. At the conclusion of the last great war a much larger proportion of men were discharged, and the consequences were anything but satisfactory; for of the seamen thus discharged no small number were thrown for support upon the voluntary contributions of the charitable, or on the assessecl con-tbutioims of reluctant parishes; vhile many of them, soured and angry, carried their skill, experience, courage, and discontent into the ser-wice of the IJnited States. This was a consequence wlich, perhaps, ought to have been foreseen. Its repetition is now wisely precluded by a liberality which will cost us something, but the cost of which will eventually be less exhausting than an extreme parsimony would be pernicious, As was stated in the House on Friday night, England cannot, with its present system, raise an army to compete in numbers with even second-rate continental States. Emigration and internal prosperity, continuedthrougha series of years,have hap. pily lessened the competition in the labour-marlket at home, especially whenever the access, of war opens another field of employment. To maintain a large land force, then, merely for the purpose of defence would be a difficult matter whenever our reguIar army is employed on a remote theatre of w-ar; and our instinctive self-reliance will no allow the prolonged presence of foreign mercenaries to insure that protection which EDgland believes can be most effectually an(d also most agreeably afforded by her own sons. 'Under these circumstances, the country falls back upon its navy, as the most national and popular force. History, tradition, sentiment, popular tastes, and habits, all concur in favour of a service illustrated by great achievements, and congenial to our special aptitudes. If we cannot muster a large army, if we cannot exercise our legions in vast encampments or multitudinous divisions, we can with less difficulty than other nations, and certainly with much greater necessity for such exertion, equip a great fleet and keep up a large body of seamen. Tnis fleet must be our protective and offensive force. It must do for us what no militia of land forces could do of itself. It must be our army of reserve at home. It must also defend that commerce which is bounded only by the boundaries of furthest ocean. We have said that for us, with a large commercial marine, it is less difficult than for other nations to man and maintain an efficient fleet; but, at the same time, recent events prove that it is not quite so easy a work as it might seem. At the beginning of the Russian war we could only muster eight sail of the line forthe Black Sea fleet, andc sixteen fortheBaltic, the latter, according to Admiral Bowiss, " most "wretchedly manned," and this, too, when the seafaring population of Great Britain alone numbers 300,000 men. The reason of this is obvious. Nte abandoned the obnoxious right of impressment, which at the beginning of the French war, 60 years earlier, had in one twelvemonth given us, from a smaller aggregate population, a supply of more than Z0,000 men. The Government, instead of exercising this right at the recent crisis, depended entirely upon volunteers. Tho supply was necessarily limited, and it did not proceed -wholly from that source which might have been expected to furnish it, for the mercantile marine, being fully employed, contributed comparatively few men, and our ships were partly manned from the inland population. This was not an iumixed evil. Indeed, it is desirable to remove the fixed idea that sailors must always be supplied from the inhabitants of the coast, and this becomes more important, as the growth of large manufacturing towns inverts the former proportions between the population that dwells inland and that which occupies the coast. B,ut it is one thing to train and habituate portions of our city population to maritime pursuits, another to equip half a fleet at the conumencement of a momentous war with boys and men who have never smelt salt water before. The germ of our men-of-war's complements should always be found in the coast population and the crews of our merchant ships. But how to get them there? That is the question. France enforces a standing obligationrupon her merchantmen to supply the national armaments with a certain qttota. She can always look complacentlyiupon every merchant ship that sails into Bordeaux or IYantes, as a floating depot of trained and practised seamen. England o'ught perhaps to have similar privileges, although not exercised exactly in the same way. Our merchant vessels ought to be the school of our Royal navy. That they are not so is partly attributable to the ancient and exploded vices of our system; partly to our present prosperity. Emigration, commerce, Canada, Australia, have called into existence a huge fleet, which will not be diverted from its usual gainful avocations by the interruption of any ordinary war in Europe. Then, again, under the old system, the men in the Royal navy were worse paid, worse cared for, more harshly treated, than in the merchant service. They were also, when no longer wanted, turned adrift with an indifference whieh rankled in many a brave man's breast, and irritated him into hatred of his country. Now all this is changed. The superiority on the side of the merchant service is only in the one item of pay, and this is hardly more than nominal. In all that relates to comfort, cleanEness, and general care for the men, the Royal is far superior to the merchant service, and a service of ten years entitles the sailor to a small pension. These changes must in time wear away any prejudice which the remembrance of a former and worse state of things engendered, and other changes, concurring with these, will bring men fast enough into the naval service of the Cinows. With superior comforts-with the prestige that associates its history with deeds of high renownwith its universal popularity-the naval profession can hardly fail to secure a supply of men equal to any emergency. Indeed, we think that a general attention to the condition of the navy will do more to provide us with an efficient armament for any ordinary conjuncture than the organization of a naval Militia, recruited by the ballot, and not dependent on voluntary enlistmenit. In order, however, to secure a strong fleet for the emergencies of war, we must maintain a respectable fleet in times of peace,-respectable not only inthe number of the ships, but also in the numbers, the discipline, the skill, and experience of the crews. A ship half-manned is doomed to inaction. An inactive crew is an ill-disciplined and inexpert crew; and this is the most useless instrument that a naval Power can possess. If we wish to have a strong defensive armament against the chances of war, we should exercise our ships during peace; not keep them rotting in port year after year inactive and half-manned; and, if we wish to have a race of seamen such as we possessed 50 years ago, we should begin by training them as boys. it is not diicult to procure boys from any part of the country for the naval service; and we agree entirely with Sir J. GitssasA in thinking that the I certainty of a pension after a specified time will in- duce a large number of lads to enter the service. We further agree with him in thinking that if this pension be claimaed after so short a period as ten years, its payment ought to be contingent upon those wlho receive it being ready to re-enter the navy, in the event of their services being required. All these things require money; but we believe that the county will not stint its contributions towards such an object, if it be satisfied that they are wisely and honestly applied. For the job which flings away millions on endless and useless works-on harbours which are not wanted; or on sites which are only wanted because they are costly-the public will have neither sympathy nor toleration; but for the object of rearing a race of seamen worthy to perpetuate the glories of the olden time, and of manning a fleet equal to the duties either of conquest or protection,-for such, an object money will never be wanting, so long as England retains her wealth and her self-respect.
The old criticisms on British rule in India were, no doubt, partly deserved, but, as usual, the oratory of enthusiasts and political partisans exaggerated the crimes of the conquerors and idealized the character of the vanquished. We can now calmly review the careers of CLIYE and HASTINGS, and pronolmce them, with all their faults, to have been great men, who not only added to the fame and power of their own country, but really conferred benefits on the populations whose rulers they overthrew. Philanthropists can no longer echo the aceusation that the victories of England have been to India nothing more than an incursion of beast of prey. It can no longer be urged that Asiatic con- queroirs covered the land with great works and I splendid buildings,while English Governors-General have founded nothing nobler than factories and barracks. The present dominion, which seems destined to open these ancient regions once more to activity and civilization, has no doubt been slow in its great work. A century has been allotted to what may be called the destructive part of its labours Empires have been overthrown, dynasties swept away, old superstitions broken in their strength, and their most inhuman practices abolished with the tacit consent of the people themselves. Christianity, though its doctrines may have been accepted by few, has yet influenced the vast masses subjected to our sway, and excited a curiosity, a willingness to receive new ideas, and a restlessness succeeding the torpor of ages, which are as yet hardly recognized in England, and which will, without doubt, produce large fruits within the next 20 years. The advance made in the last eight years is fully detailed in the Minute of Lord DALuovsr, to which we have already referred. It cannot be doubted that the future destiny of India depends chiefly on the spread of European knowledge. Nothing influences so readily such races as the exhibition of superior science among those who rule them. Both among Hindoos and MIahomedans are to be found numbers perfectly able to understand all that Europe has to teach, and such persons, carrying the results of their studies and their reverence for their teachers among their own people, will at once raise the general standard of attainments and add to the solidity of British power. We therefore give the first place to the schemes of general education which have lately been resolved on by the Government. In Bengal and the Punjab district schools have been established, in which, as far as possible, sound instruction is communicated by means of the native tongues. In Bombay the example has been followed, and Madras will soon adopt the same system. But vernacular education, however necessary, is not al that is required. The higher branches of knowledge, and especially the sciences, can only be taught by means of a language possessing the requisite terminology. It is also desirable that the English tongue should be extended over the whole empire, and form a bond which may unite all those millions with each other, and with the ruling country. Hence it was a large step when the Directors addressed to the Government of India their " great education despatch" of the 19th of July, 1854. This documnent propounds a scheme of high aims and universal scope. Vernacular schools are to be established in every district; Government Colleges will bestow a more advanced instruction, while each of the three Presidencies will have its University, in which the highest class of European education may be received. We cannot but pause to contemplate what may be the result of such a system boldly and wisely carried out. The English language and literature made the property of a sixth of the human race; all that art and science have done for the Western world umfolded to the quick intelligence of the Asiatic; men of strange races and creeds taking their place among the philosophers and discoverers of the earth ;-these things may seem like a dream, but they will not appear improbable to the eyes of those who consider what great things every ten years bring forth in such an age as this. If the native of India looks for a sign it is not denied him. He may learn what manner of men his rulers are by the works which are now begun on every side, and are being rapidly carried on to completion. The railway traverses a considerable district in each of the three Presidencies, a general system of railways has been determined on, and in a few years this vast territory will be intersected by great trunk lines equalling in length and surpassing in construction those of the New World. A line from Calcutta to Agra, Delhi, and Lahore, will bring the capital within a few daye' journey of the North-WVestern frontier. A line will traverse the breadth of India from Bombay to MIadras. Others will unite Bombay with the Great Calcutta and North-Western line, and join Miadras to the Malabar coast. These are no empty speculations, but great works, undertaken under the sanction of Government, and in part already completed. With the railway another accompaniment of modern civilization has been introduced. The system of cheap and uniform postage, so successful in England, is now applied on a far vaster scale to the whole of India. It is sufficient to say that a letter* is now conveyed between the most distant points of our Indian territories, from the Himalayas to Cape Comorin, from Scinde to the borders of the Burman empire, for the sum of -d.< It is impossible to calculate the effect of this wonderful change on the habits of the community. In England nothing has tended more to the spread of education than the penny postage. In old times a poor man thought it of little use to learn to write when a letter would cost hiim a day's wages. We may well imagine that in India the peasant and tlle small trader will feel the good impulse, and we learn without surprise that already a large increase has taken place in the number of com-munications. The electric telegraph is the most beautiful and surprising invention of the age, and nothing is more interesting than to learn its rapid progress and wonderful results. The telegraphs of America are surpassed in length, solidity of construction, and cheapness of working by those which within the last few years, while we at home have been debating and fighting on the Eastern question, have been carried over the length and breadth of India. From Calcutta to the Indus, to Bombay, to Madras, the messages of Government and individuals are speeded in a few hours at a cost comparatively trifling. Ceylon is to be united to the mainland, and the time is already looked upon as near when the telegraph will cross the Mediterranean, run along the Red Sea and the coasts of the Indian Ocean, and unite London and Calcutta in hourly communication. We cannot doubt that this work will be soon achieved, and that no very long period will elapse before the wires extend to Canton and Shanghai, and perhaps, runuing from island to island, will stretch on to Sydney and Melbourne, and the great settlements of the antipodes. On many other subjects the GovEPNon-GENru&.r. enlarges, but it would be useless to enumerate them all. The improvement of agriculture, the development of mineral resources, surveys, public works, chief among which is the great Ganges Canal, 525 miles long, the vork of Sir PioBy CAu=, river communication, roads, the suppression of widow-burning, infanticide, and Thuggee, and the improvements in the military and civil services, are the chief points mentioned. Seldom has an administrator been able to point to so many and such various titles to national gratitude. The conquest of India completed, the people satisfied and prosperous, education made the care of. the State in a land where the State is everything, public works of every kind conceived with a boldness and carried out with an energy beyond example,-such are the triumphs of the last few years. English domination is now about to do its work in India. Recent changes have given every family in the land a closer interest in Indian concerns, and we doubt not that the general attention of the community will urge on' the improvements 'which have been so happily begun. The Moniteur of yesterday publishes a long account of the ceremony of the baptism of the Prinoe Imperial, but does not contAiu any other sws of iatret.
TME RUGELEY POISONINGS. THE EXECUTION OF PAMER. (FROX oup. OWN MEPOPTmt.) STAFFORD, JUINc 14. Tlis morning, a few mlinutes before 8 o'clock, William Palmer was executed in front of the County Gaol in this town for the murder of John Parsons Cook under circum. stances with which, it were scarcely too much to say, the whole civilized world is familiar. This atrocious crime, of which thousands have just witnessed the terrible but appropriate denouement, from the very first moment at which it became the subject of investigation in the Coroner's court at Rugeley, excited aud sustained an unusual degree of interest throughout the whole country, which went on augmenting as the varied and striking incidents of which it was composed became publicly known fromntimetotime. The friendship sabsisting between the murderer and his victim, arising out of a community of tastes and pursuits,-the agent used in his destruction, atonce so subtle and potent,which, though z-esorted to for the purpose of evading detection, eventually became the principal means of conviction, and, by the rovelations it elicited in a court of justice may be said to have elevated an interesting department of toxicological science from the region of purely professional knowledge tothe rank of a social question of great pub]ic importance-the extraordinary motives leading to the commission of the crime, and all its collateral events-its investigation before a criminal tribunal under circumstances of singular solemnity and interest, and the inherent characteristics of the circumstantial evidence upon which the whole trial and conviction tumned-all these considerations have combined to invest this case with an importance never before, perhaps, surpassed on any previous occasion of the kind, and, by raising it to the position of a cause cel&rc in the criminal history of the country, to denude its judicial investigation of the vulgar and repulsive associations which cling round the crime itself. They have also lent a kindred interest to the execution of the criminal, who had otherwise nothing to distingaish him from the class of monsters to which he belonged, except, perhaps, in the heartless and unredeemed atrocity with which he at once disgraced and outraged humanity. After the revulion of feeling consequent upon his conviction Palmer seems to have been all along buoyed up vith the belief that the Government would not carry his sentence into execution, from the conflict of evidence as to the absorption or otherwise of strychnine by the body before or after death. He grounded this belief also on the circumstance, so much relied on by the counsel for his defence, that the post mortem examination of the body of Cook wholly failed to discover any trace of strychnine. These considerations, and the knowledge that his friends out of doors were making great exertions to procure a respite, encouraged his hopes that his sentence would be stayed or commuted; and he may be said to have clung to this feeling, in a greater or less degree, to the* last, notwithstanding an official visit paid him by Lieutenant-Colonel Dyott, the High-Sheriff of the county, accompanied by Mr. Hand, the Under-Sheriff, on the afternoon of yesterday, by whom he was informed that there was no possibility of the Royal clemency being extended to him, and that he must prepare himself for execution. He received this terrible intimation, which destroyed all ground for hope, in silence, and without any perceptible emotion, and, though from that moment a great change came over him, it was evident to those about him that he still entertained the notion that mercy would be shown to him. The almost inevitable effect of allovertures, howeverwellmeant, to staythe execution of a criminal upon grounds which admit of no chance of such a result, unhappily is to divert the current of his mind from those solemn considerations which ought mnost to engage the attention of one so awfully circumstanced, and to lead him to fritter away, in alternations of hope and despair, the brief interval stiU left him for preparation and repentance. To a great extent this was the result produced in the case of Palmer, though he appears to have allowed religious considerations to occupy his mnind to some degree, and even received the ministrations of the chaplain with respect and gratitude. This was especially so after Tuesday last, from which time he applied himself to religious meditation with some earnestness, though the impressions derived from it were constantly liable to be diminished by the hope that his life would be prolonged, which he cherished to the last. He was not remarkably communicative to the officers of the prison n attendance upon him, and when he did break silence it was mostly to complain of what he called the partisan spirit with which Lord Campbell summed up the evidence on his trial. His eyes occasionally became suffused with tears, but that was almost the only sign of emotion exhibited by him, and he would wipe them away and immediately regain his composure. From the time of his condemnation he ate and slept well, and even on the night preceding his execution, though it was a very advanced hour before he retired to rest, he slept two hours and a-half. Since his conviction he has seldom or never availed himself of the privilege permitted by the prison regulations of having additional diet; he has been contented with the ordinary gaol allowance; and all he has asked for besides has been a salad, and ofthis he ate frequently. For the first time since his return to Stafford he attended the service in the chapel of the prison twico on Sunday last. He occupied a seat, which was screened from the gaze of the rest of the prisoners, in the immediate vicinity of the communion table, and was accompanied by an officer of the gaol. Upon both occasions the Rev. Mr. Goodacre, the chaplain, delivered an impressive sermon, taking for his text, on one occasion, the appropriate words, "Let no man deceive himself." The culprit listened with marked attentioii and frequently shed tears. He never afterwards attended the service, however, though he had the opportunity of doing so twice a-day. His subsequent religions meditations, which were chiefly conducted by the chaplain, took place in his celL Of late he has been in the daily habit of reading the morning and evening service and the Commination service from the Book of Common Prayer. The Rev. Thomas Pahmer, a clergyman of the church of England, his brother, visited him almost daily after his conviction, as did also his brother George several times, and his sister, Msis Sarah Palmer, twice at least. A Mr. Heywood, who married an elder sister-now dead-of the convict also saw him on Friday morning. A venerable gentleman named Wright, who has long made it his chief mission to administer religious consolation and advice to criminals under sentence, had lkewise fequent interviews with him; and towards the end of the week the Rev. HenrySneyd, a clergyman residing in this county, wic, was not before known to the convict, came to see him from a benevolent impulse, and was on several occasions admitted to his presence. Yesterday he received a letter from the Rev. Mr. Davis, t.he ordinary at Newgate, of whom since his return to Stafford he has frequently spok-en in terms of gratitude, but the contents of the communication have not transpired. His brothers George and Thomas, accompanied by his sister, visited him for the last time yesterday evening. They arrived at the prison about 7 o'clock, and, after remaining in his company for several hours, took a final leave of him. The scene at parting was most distressing, but the convict himself is said to have evinced comparatively little emotion. Yesterday morning MIr. Smith, his solicitor, was summoned by telegraph from London to Stafford, at Palmer's earnest request, and he arrived here at half-past 10 o'clock last night, and had an interview with the convict, in the presence of Major Fulford, the Governor of the gaol. The prisoner had declined to retire to rest until Smith came, and from that circumstance and the ansiety he had shown to have him sent for it was supposed that he had some important communication to make to him; but it was not so. On going into the cell, the Governor informed Palmer that if bo had anything confidential to say on family affairs to Mr. Smith, he (the Governor) would keep it a secret. The prisoner replied that he had not, and he hoped the Governor would loseno time in publishing all he said. He also added, all he had to say was to thank Mr. Smith for his great exertionsthe officers of the prison for their kmndness to him-andthat Cook did not die from strychnine. Major Fulford expressed a hope that in his then awful condition he was not cuibbling with thei question, and urged him to say "Ay" or "No," whether or not ho murdered Cook. He answered immedi- ately "Lord Campbell summed up in favour of poisoning by strychnine." The Governor retorted, it was of no importance how the deed was done, and asked him to say "Yes " or "No " to the!question. Palmer said ." he had naothing more to add. He was quite easy in his conscience, and happy in his mind." This is the Governor's version of the conversation; but upon the material point Mr. Smith stated last night, just after leaving the convict, that what Palmer said to him was, "I1an innocent of poisoning Cook by strychnine; and al I ask is, that you will have his body examined and that you will see to my mother and boy." The county gaol at Stafford, in front of whxich the culprit was executed, is situate in the western suburb of the town, but occupies so low a position as not to attract attention until you approach it. It is built of red brick, and sur. rounded by a wall of the same material of considerable height, forming a large square, in the interior of which are the various offices of tho prison, and fnked at intervals by a series of large round castellated towers, also of brick, which serve as residenes for tho warders, and give the building all the character it possess in an architectural point of view. This formidable rampart completely conceals from tlst public eye the whole of the interior edifices and eoonomry of the prison. The entrance to the building is situated directIin the centra of the southern aide of the suqre, which is skirted by a public thoroughfare, and, from this road, and at right angles with it, a short narrow street rms in a straight line from the entrance. It was in this limited space in front of the prison that the vast concourse of people who assembled to witness the excution was densely packed. Strong barriers were erected at intervas across the various approaches to the scffold, so as to relieve the pressure of the immense multitude in that direction. Nearly 200 of the county constabulary were in attendance under the direction of Mr. Hatton, the chief constable, and these were assisted bv 150 special constables sworn in for the occasion. The scaffold, a huge square, unsightlymachine, painted black, fixed upon low metal wheels, and about 8 or 10 feet high, was drawn in front of the gaol in the dead of the night preceding the execution, and placed in position. The platform was surrounded by a chain about 4 feet high; and a rope saspended from a strong beam, which projected across the scaffold, completed thegrimapparatus of deathwhich the light of the earlyrnominggraduallyrovealedtotheimmensecrowdbelow. Balconies and platforms were erected on several of the housetops and in almost every imaginable place commanding a view of the spectacle, and the windows of the houses in the front and near the scaffold had their fall complement of eager spectators. The express train and others from London on Friday night brought down a great number of well-dressed persons; but these bore no comparison in point of force with the crowds which kept constantly arriving during the night by railway and other means of conveyance from the adjacent towns for 50 miles round-, iacluding the Pottery districts, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Walsal, Tipton. and the rest of what is caUed "the black country." The continual tramping heard, in the streets throughout the whole night also indicated the numbers of pedestrians who were hastening to the scene. As early as 9 o'clock last night, in spite of a brisk rain, a considerable number of people had taken possession of the various places commanding a near view of the scaffold, but the prospect of the long dreary interval before the hour fixed for the execution, added to the still drearier state of the weather, wore out their patience and compeUed them to retire. The rain continued to fall heavily at intervals during the night, and that circumstance, no doubt, kepthundreds away. So early as 4 o'clock this morning, however, almost every available point, from which a view of the drop, however remote, could be obtained was occupied, and those who arrived afterwards were obliged to hang on the outskirts of the crowd. The great bulk of the people were young men and lads, labourers and artisas, thousands of whom had left their ordinary occupations and travelled many Miles to witness the spectacle; but the great number of umbrellas raised during the rain ahowed, in addi. tion to other indications, that a large proportion of the crowd belonged to a better class of people. A clear open space of considerable size was kept all round the scaffold and it was painful to note the wan looks of those ia the front rankl of the crowd, who were pinned against the barriers by the pressure from behind. A more orderly and patient concourse was, perhaps, never assembled on any similar occasion. By this itis not meant that their behaviour was exactlyin harmony with theterrible spectaclewhichhad collected them together. That could not have been expected in a crowd congregated for such a purpose; but, as a body, they were free from that savage brutality -which is said to characterize a mob assembled on similar occasions in front of the Old Bailoy, thongh the indecent laughter to which little incidents among them now and then gave rise must have broken sadly on the ear of the doomed man inside the prison, In this state of things the night wore on with the crowd outside, the physical suffering of many of whom must have been almost unendurable. Far different was the scene passing within the precinct of the prison. The wretched men on whom all this intense interest hung was spending the few last hours given him to live. Towards midnight he had taken a painful leave of his immediate relatives, and was now awaiting his irrevocable deom. He had slept two hours and a-half in the early morning, and, on awakening, the chaplain entered his celL He said, in reply to a question asked by the rev. gentleman, that he felt comfortable, and-was quite prepared. He continued in bed until half-past 5, when he had some tea, and againat half-past 7. Tothe warderwho bro-ghthinmthe tea on the last occasion and who asked how he was, he said he was very comfortable. The chaplain remained in almost constant attendance upon him until the hour of his execution. Shortly after 7 o'clock Lieutenant-Colonel Dyott, the High Sheriff, and Mr. Hand, the Under-Sheriff, arrived at the gaol and at once proceeded to the prisoner's cell, where they found himn in earnest conversation with the chaplain. After a brief interval the High-Sheriff asked him if he was prepared to admit the justice of his sentence. He replied, with the most energetic gesticulation, " No, Sir, I do not; and Igo to the scaffold a murdered man." He added that several persons, whose names he would not mention, were guilty of his murder, and that he coutld not acknowledge the justice of his sentence. The cell of the prisoner was one of a series situate on the first floor of an oblong building, around which a. light iron gallery was thrown. Almost immediately opposite the door of his cell a bridge went across to the gallery on the opposite side, and from the centre of the bridge an ozramental stair of iron descended into a large corridor on the basement story. Here were stationed, shortlybeforeS o'clock,the High-Sheriff of the county and the Under-Sheriff ; Mr.W. H. Chetwynd, a magi6trate of the county; Major Fulford, the governor of the gaol; Mr. Hatton, the chief of the county constabulary, and the representatives of the press, awaiting the awful ceremony about to take place. At that moment a tall, broadshouldered, elderly man, with short gray hair, and dressed in a white smnockfrock, emerged from a roominthe corridor, and ascending the light iron stairs entered the condemned celL This was the executioner, a labouring man residing at Dudley, named John Smith, and this was his first introduction to the convict, whom he at once proceeded to pinion in the presence of the High-Sheriff and the chaplain. While this operation was being performed Palmer betrayed no symptom of emotion, and simply requested that the cord might not be drawn too tightly. The High-Sheriff and the chaplain then left the cell for a short time, and the prisoner remarked to the officers who attended him that they would observe that he had not changed from what he had always said, and he then said, "All I have to ask of you is to pray for my child." The High-Sheriff and Chaplain again visited the cell, and, thinldng that the prisoner might, perhaps, object to say anything in the presence of the officers, they were requested to withdraw. At this moment all the preparations were complete. The unhappy man was pinioned, the executioner was standing by him, and nothing was required but the signal to move forwaid to the scaffold. The chaplain, in the most solemn manner, exhorted him to admit the justice of his sentence. The prisoner firmly replied that it was not a just sentence. " Then," said the chaplain, " your blood be upon your own head." To this observation theprisoner made no nnswer. At this moment the prisoner appeared for an instant at the door of his cell, and took a cursory look at the official gentlemen waiting balow to conduct him to the scaffold. He entered his cell again, and immediately afterwards the chaplain and the High-Sheriff emerged from it, accompanied by the convict, who tripped nimbly down the stairs into the corridor, followed by the executioner. The remarkable appearance of the prisoner at this time will not easily be forgotten. Contrary to all usage, he wore the prison dress, consisting of a dark gray jacket, trousers, and waistcoat, all of the coarsest description, a blae checked cotton shirt, anda pair of thick list shoes. He carried a handklerchief in one hand of the same coarse material. At his own request his light sandy hair had been closely cropped, which broughs the whole configurntion of his large round head and face into strikiun prominence, and, with the dress he wore, gave to his whole pliysivse an air of singular repulsiveness which was not at all natural to him. It ought, however, to be stated that the wearing the prison dress was not intended as an indignity, but simply arose from the circumstance of his having no clothes of his own in the prison. The melancholy procession was now formed which was to conduct him to his doom. The chaplain went first, reading the burial service, followed by the Under-Sheriff then by the High. Sheriff, carrying their wands of office, next by Palmer, then by the executioner, and finally by Major Fulford, the governor of the prison, Mr. Hatton, the chief constable, and several of the officers of the gaol; and in this way he wa5 escorted to the scaffold amid the tolling of the prison bell. His bearing in these last moments of his life elicited the amazement of all who witnessed it. As he passed Major Fulford, who was waiting to fall into the procession, he bowed to him in an easy off hand manner, and then stopped for an instant to shake hands with one of the officials of the prison whom he recognized. He marched along with a light, jauntystep; but the expression of his mnouth and the pallor with -which his features were suffused indicated the deep current of natural emotion wnich he strove in vain to conceal. The distance he had to traverse from his cell to the scaffold was very considerable, and included three short flights of stairs, but his step never for an instant faltered. As the procession reached the entrance of the prison Mr. Wright, the philanthropist, who waz standing near, stepped back to allow it to pass; the convict bowed courteously to him, and then walked lightly up the steps leading to the scaffold, and of his own accord placed himself under the beam. The executioner at once proceeded to adjust the rope round the culprit's neck, and was about to retire from the scaffold. whern he seemed to remember that he had not drawn the white cap over his face. He returned to do so, and then the convict shook hands with him and bade Eim good-c.lj. An instant elapsed before the bolt was -withdrarw, and the rapid inflation and collapsing of the part of the cap whic covered his mouth evinced the intensity of his feelings at this awful moment. The drop at length fell, and le died almost -without a struggle. Once or twice, when the executioner ws gently holding down his les, he raised imself sightly up, and there was a sinultaneolls convulsive movement of the ahoulders for an instant; but he exhibited no other sign of life. ; e hed &. landk-erchief in one of his hands, where it stiU remained tightly clenched when the body wAs cut down. 'ith some very slight exceptionsthe deportment of the crowd, aong Whom wero many decently dressed women, was decorous in the extreme. When the prisoier first made his' appearancs on the scaffold there ws a slight shout of disapprobstio2, from one part of the crowd, but it was never repeated, and, from this time until the drop fell there ws almost a dead silence. So deeply impressed did the people appear, to be with the dreadful character of the spectacle that by far the greater part of them left shortly after the drop fell, and comparatively, few remained to see the bodycut down. The weather underwent a change just before the hour fixed for the execution. The rain ceased, and it tooX place in an interval of sunshine. On the removal of tbe body Xr. Bridges, a gentleman from Iiiverpool engaged in phrenological pursuits, was per-nitted to take a cast of the convict's head, and, this process over, his remains were buried in a grave behind the chapel, within the precincts of the prison. A barbarous custom prevails in the prison at Stafford in the burial of criminals subjected to capital punishment, and it was adhered to in the case of Palmer. It will, perhaps, scarcely be credited that his body, on being removed from the scaffold, was divested of every article of clothing, and buried in a perfectly nude state, without even a shell. But so it was, and this was hisignominiousend. It will be seen that the convict contented himself with denying that Cook was poisoned by strychnine, andatlat no, direct answer was ever given by him to the question whetherhe murdered him by other means. The impression conveyed by all the proceedings of the wretched man down to the very latest moment of his existence was, that when hedenied the justice of his sentence in so determined & manner he had some mental reservation, and that he applied the observation to the charge of poisog Cook by means of strychnine only. Should there 'b any foundation for the suggestion that the death wa& caused by other means it would tend still further to complicate this most exftraordinary case. It is but an act of iustice to aclnowledge the debt of obli. gation due to Major Fulford, the governor of the gaol, and' to 1Xi. Xatton, the chief constable of the county, from the correspondent of this journal on this occasion, for the facilities they afforded him, in conmmon withi other representatives cf the press, in the discharge of a painful duty.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. TBE EAST. *(BY SUBn ARIXsN-D enmsn TELEGR,H.) We have received the following telegraphic de. sptoch from our Marseilles correspondent:- 5" MIARSEL.ES, SuNDAY, JUNE 15, 7 40 Yx. "The Sinai has arrived, with adnices from Constantinople of the 5th, and from the Crimea of the 3d inst. She brougnt 532 soldiers. "Despatches left at 10 o'clock last night. "Your correspondent, writing from the Crimea on the sd inst., says:- " ' The Grenadier Guards leave Kazatch to-day by the St. Jean d'Acre in battalions. "' The Rifle Brigade leaves to-morrow on board the Apollo, towled by the Medusa. "' ' The anrmy is healthy, though there have been two cases of cholera."'
-TEE AAERICAN QUESTION. (From the Examiner.) It is reported and believed that the American Govemnment ha- met Lord Clareudon's last conciliatory despatch in a corresponding spirit, that it expresses every good feeling towards this country, and gves earnest of sincerity by empowvering its Minister here, Mr. Dallas, to settle the dispntes relating to Central America, or to refer the question to arbitration, if agreement should be impracticabl1e. So. far allis good, but there is aily in tho pot of ointment, lMr. Crapten :,s to be dismissed, and the exruatr is to be withdrawn from the three consuls implicated in the enlist-ment transactions. This reduces the subjedt matter of qaarrel to a very small point. The idea of a Cramptort war is an absurdity so great as to amount to an impossibility. Our Government is bound in honour to |support its servant, if it believes him to be guiltless of any offence; but can it have the right to insist on [continuing hina in a post where he must be useless, and where his presence can only give umbrage, and stand in tbe way of the very objects for which he is acoredited 2 The charges against MEr. Crampton may be groundless, the prejudice against him unfair, and his Govermnent~ may justly refuse to condeman him; hut tbeir opinion of him. is no lawv for the American Government, which pretends to a better knowledge of his conduct that can be had here, where he is judged wholly by his own report. And certainly it is true that the Government to which an envoy is accredited must be a better judge of the performanco of his duties than the Government employing him, for the one has to do with his actions and proceedings, the other with his own account of them. As the homely proverb expresees it, he who wears tho shoe best nmows where it pinches. After what has passed, no matter what the merits may have been, Mfr. Cranmpton would be worse than useless at Washington, and ave could only continue him there as a sign of offence to the American Govrernmient, expresEing that we could have our owfn way with it, or in the frpanis phrase, " Swfallow it, dog." On the other hand, are we t, submit to the affront of his disrnissal 9And this brings us to the peurile question, is England to give America a slap on the face, or is America to give England a slap on the face ? If any good could be done by continuing Mr. Crampton in his post, the point of honour might be worth contending for, but in these circumstances it would be wor than a quarrel for a straw. And the reported assurances of the American Government really divest the matter of any question of honour, for they reduce the objection to Mr. Crampton to a personal objection. The quarrel may be like the old quarrel withDr. Fell, the reason of which could. not be told, well known as the factwas; but we are not to go to war to correct the American Govermnent's erroneous opinion of Mr. Crampton. Well, but shall we do the next bad thing? Shallwe pout and sulk about it? Or shall we bundle out Mr. DIalls, who. has given no cause of umbrage, because the Americas have done the same incivility to our Minister for cause alleged t There is precedent both strict and analogous for such a course. When Sir Hienry Bulwer was dismissed from WMadrid; the Spanish Minister was sent away in retaliation. And for the analogous precedent, when courts of Justice come into collision, they .attach each other's officers trespassig on the disputed grtound. If- this affair had come to such a point that diplomatic relations were to be broken off between the two Governments, it would be almost as absurd to keep M1r. Dalas here nAissionless, as to continue Mr. Crampton mdgrrl at Washington; but, according to report, this is happily not the posture of things, and Mr. Dallas is empowered, or to be empowered, to settle all disputes, or to refer them to arbi. tration. To dismiss him in this case would be turning pea from our door, We are no great admirers of retaliation. It is a poor, a paltry resource. Translated into plain -words, it means this:-" Asyon have done a wrong thingbyme, I will do a w3rong thing by you to be even with you. And if you hurt yourself, I will hurt myself too, to match you." That the American quarrel in the enlistment affair is not honest is novv manifest. Our part was not blameless, it was evasive, and therefore unworthy, but the fault was atoned | for and abondoned, and the resentment for it might have been dismissed, instead of growing hotter and hotter with the approach of the election season. The Government (forso we willstyle it, waving all ques. tion for the nonce) of Nicaragua has been doing, aud is doing, on a far larger scale, all that has been chsared against the British agents in the United States. It tas been drawing levies of men from the Union to wge war against a friendly nation. Well, what has 1President Pierce's Administration done with this offender against its laws? Has it said, we will hold no intercourse with a Government which owes its very existence to the contravention of our laws? Not so, forsooth, it recognizesthe Government of Nicaragua, aud receives the Minister of the Power recruited-from the United States, while it dismisies Mr. Crampton for an infraction of the enlistment laws. This inconsistency, this dealing in A double measure, ic. doubtedly seems to impat an intention of offence, which would not otherwise belong to the conduct to the British Minister. It denotes that something more is conoerned that the transactions the ostensible ground of umbrage. But it is not for us to fix America iin the wrong, and to make a great of a small wrong, if she comes forward with a frank and fair overture for the settlement of differenocs Nothing that has passed, or is likely to pass in the worst event, should stand in the way of that adjustment, which it all that we could come to after a desolatingwar. The only qUestion, therefore, is whether we should begin where *e should end, saving all the blood and treasure-that would be 3aviqhed in bostilities. It is true that the rupture of diplomatic relations would not necesarily lead to war, bit it would put both nations into an attitude of war, and affnt their commeree and expenditure with much of the evil of war. A spark to the powder, a hot-headed officer, might then do the mischief. How often do we see it written and oearit saim , that everything is a matter of compromi6e in our times, and is not Mr. Crampton's dismissl compounided for by Mr. Dallas's commnission for adjusting all differences and putting peace on a sound basis ! As for Mlr. Cramupton, our Government may evinoe its i- shaken confidence inhischaracterbvemployinghineincme high diplomatic office, but wherverhe goesitisto be hoped that he will take the trouble to, read the despatelses of the Foreign Secretary, so that he may not bave to learn a most important matter of instrnction from an accidental mentiort of it in another quarter. The question has occurred whether I a diplomatic agent is quite safe who comndits such an over. sight as the one to which we allude. We hope he keara3Mr. Clayton touching Ruatan more distinctly thanh ] rood L Clarendon respecting arbitration,
FOREIGIV INYTELLIGBNCE. THE EAST. [A portion of the following appeared il our third editIon at S&turd"y--I (BY SUB A.BUE A2 MBRMSH TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic de. spatch from our Vienna correspondent:- " VIENNA, FRIDAY EVENIG, JUNE 13. "Advices from Constantinople have been received here to the 5th inst. "All the English troops have quitted the Russiau territory. " At the Bairam festival several Christians were permitted to kiss the Sultan's hand. "The Russians have blown up the citadel of Xais. "Payazid is evacuated, and the commercial road to Persia is open. " Advices from Athens of the 7th inst. state that on the high road to the Pirnus, at 10 minutes distance from Athens, 12 robbers attacked the diligence and carried off eight passengers as prisoners. In consequence of the general insecurity of the country it is proposed to proclaim martial law. "AaliPasha arrived at Vienna this morning."
FRAmCE. (ixOM1 o0R OWN CORRBMS2OhDmT.) 'I.A1I1, IfuDAY, JVN-E 13, 6 P.M. The Emperor received the diffbrent deputations and jurors of the Cattle Show this day at the Tuileries at 2 o'clock, and among the rest those from the Royal Agricultural Societies of Great Britain and Ireland. After passing along the saloon, he stopped and complimented Mr. Jonas Webb and M1r. George Turner, who were the sole but suitable representatives of the great English society present; and he thanked MIr. Huigh Watson, of Keillor, also, who wvas present as one of the jurors,for his splendid black polled Angus stock, which he wvas now glad to possess himself. He afterwards addressed Lord Erme, as the head then present of the Irish deputation, and expressed the deep obligation he was under for the expense and trouble they were at in bringing their splendid stock, and the Kerries in particular, such a distance, and only regretted that the numerous important matters with which he had been lately engaged prevented his raying them more attention than he had done, but he assured them that he felt most strongly on the subject. The following deputations then adjourned for the presentation of the different addresses, viz. :-On behalf of the Hig¢hland Society of Scotland, the Duke of Hamilton, its President, Lord Elgi , Sir John Forbes, Bart., Sir Robert Arbuthnot, Bart., lr. Balfour, MrL. Mtilne Horne, of WVedderburn, MIr. Biller, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Wardlaw Ramsay, and MIr. Hall Maxvwell, the Secretary. 3Mr. Jonas Webb and MIr. George Turner were the only delegates from the Royal English Society, in the absence of iIr. Evelyn Denison, their President elect for next year. The two Royal Societies of Ireland were well represented by the Earl of Erane, V.P.; Sir Percy Nugent, Bart. ; M1ajor Quentin; Captain Thomas Ball; and Messrs. Spencer Perceval; Lundy E. Foot, Hon. Secretary; George Roe; and Edw;ard BuUlen, the Hon. Secretary to the joint deputation in Paris. The Duke of Hamilton read the joint address, hinch was signed on behalf of the four national bodies, and also a special address from the Highland Society of Scotland, on their presenting His Majesty with their diploma. Mlr. Foot, Hon. Secretary to the Royal Dublin Society, also read an address from that ancient body, coiuplimenting His Majesty on the great efforts he had made to promote the arts, and, the most paramount of all, agriculture. The Emperor listened attentively to these interesting documents, which were read at length, and appeared much gratified when they referred to the late auspicious event,-the birth of an Imperial Prince. He said that nothing pleased him more than that the French people shouldsee before them the splendid animals exhibited here lately, in order that it might prove to them -what can be done by care and enterprise to improve the different breeds, and he trusted that the gratifying Exhibitionwhich had just closed would have the effect of drawing more closely together the cordial union w hich now so happily exists between the twro countries, and of eventuially relieving France from many of those plivations and periods of distress with which she had to contend at times, and which it wvas now the study of his life to mitigate and relieve. The deputation then retired. The following letter has been received from BMadrid, dated the 8th inst. " Since I wrote to you yesterday I have to record the mos' important vote, without any exception, which has passed in the Cortes since they have met; for in a session of 203 members there were found G6 who voted directly against Espartero, he (which is very rare, as he hardly ever goes to the Chamber) voting personally in the majority ; that is Io say, Government on a declared Cabinet question had only a majority of ll votes, half-a-dozen of the Opposition having remained a-way expressly not to run the risk of turning the Ministry out, for Heaven knows vwhat would then have happened. This evident check, if it was not a defeat, has at all events produced great irritation in Olympus, and the lesser deities are flitting about the political firmament in great confusion. The cause of the vote was this, and, indeed, the Government 'was in the right:-The party of the ' Puros,' of which I spoke to you in my last letter, has been establishing certain a.semblies or clubs in the provinces for the propagattion of their doctrines, and some of these were planting them. selves in Catalonia, a province which never requires any extraneous excitement to keep it at a white heat. The Captain-General of the province published a proclamation dissolving these 'pure' schools of political doctrine, and in doing so he only acted under superior orders. The Governmentsay, very justly, 'If we permit this system of associations and assemblies (whichcannot be called electoral ones, forthere are no elections), we must permit it to all parties, and there -would then spring up a host of clubs, Carlist, Socialist, &c., of every hue of the political rainbowv, which would render all government, especiallyall provincial government, impossible. We therefore thought it more prudent to put down all political assemblies whatever.' This reasoning did not please the 'Puros' of MWadrid, and some of them. among whom were Espartero's greatest friends, signed aproposition tothe Cortes asking whether this order of the Captain-General of Catalonia should be taken into consideration by Parliament as unconstitutional. The Government opposed the proposition, and hence arose the vote. In the rminority voted some of the oditors of newspapers hitherto supporters of Espartero, and others of his intimate friends, so that the schism is a serious one. After what I have been telling you lately, and knowving that I have been at Madrid and in various parts of the country ever since the revolution of July, 1854, you may deem it proper, or at least natural, to ask me what I think will be the end and upshot of all this. I really do not see any way out of the present state of things by any saZida, as the Spaniards say, but by a regular drawn battle some of these days between the army and the National Guard, who hear no love to each other, whatever may be said to the contrary. You have only to see a National Guard and a zoldier on gaard at the Palace 'cheek by jowl,' and ask yourself whether the system can produce anything but a feeling of jealousy and humiliation in the breast of the soldier. There you see the National Guard, with a comforter round his neck, smoking his cigar, with his musket often leaning against the wall, and chatting w%ith half-a-dozen friends round hima, with whom he eats and drinks as if there was no such thing as a consignc in the. world, or a Queen to look after; while five paces from him is the soldier, looking stiff, cold, hungry, not daring to say a word to anybedy, and doing his duty in a manner frightfully uncomfortable to national eyes. You must know as well as any one how quickly soldiers make these com. parnicos, and that they are still more odious and dangorons than the. comparisons of civil life. There is also another tbing 'which tells every day with great force in' the small towns and places removed from high reqds. The National Guards exercise in these localities an munitigated despotism, from the circumstance of carrying arms,; `a-rwqeentiDg the programme of manzanares to such a degred -that in many parts nobody will bid at an auction against a '5iliciano,' and a great deal of church propCz, f consequence of the late law of dernortizacion, l3s been sold far under its value. There is no more serious <yuestion than that of arming the whole population of a country, and the population of very few countries can bear such a temptation to evil. -As far as the attraction for arms goec, and the facility for using them, Spain is a far morn militarynationthanevenFrace. A Spaniard, it istrue, turns his'arms to all purposes, uot all equally decorous, and it is of little consequence to him whether he snaps his trigger at a rrellchman in a war of independence, at his own captain. general, or at a travelling neighbour. "I think there must be aseparationsooneror laterbetween 3Lspaxtero and O'Donnell. it is not in the nature of these nmen, les hommes de la situation, (as you would say in France,) the coryphei of an unprofitable insurrection, the re presentatives of the two great divisions of the country, to ever accept the control of the other, or contentedly and constitutionallv retire either of them into privatelife, when circunnstances advise or- patriotism requireg it. They are not much like Cesar and Pompey, but I fear the zZuZ quam ciri,ia beRla again. The idea of a liberal and sincere- union is a genroaus illusion; the point upon. which -everything turis in this country is f-orc, force. The7 is one thing wlhich in: Justice ought not to bs passed over in silence, and that is, the conduct of the Queen. Nobody hears of improprieties in the Palace; nobody talks of intrigues against her Ministers ; when the notice 6f the public is now attracted towards her it is by her liberalities towards her poor subjects, and which proceed from a kindness of heart which her worst enemies have never denied. It is said that 3plot has lately been discovered against her life, batched in one of those societies, existing, I fear, all over Europe, where scoundrels impel foois, and cowards direct the hand of the deluded. "You may wish to hear something of money matters. It is a pity that English money and speculation have been so completely put aside and their 'noses so completely put out of joint' by the Cr6dit Mabilier, else some arrangement, in my opinion, might have been made for the -paynent of those unfortunate coupons, and the open- ing of the London market to Spain. I am informed that Lord Howden has lately been again trying that question, and that he has obtained a promise for the pay. maent of that miserable remnant of the Oporto Grenadier5 who have been left to starve. I cannot help thinking that there will be a monetary crisis soon. The country cannot bear the amount of speculation now going on, and that speculation, even supposing it to be executed in its material application, can never repay its outlay. A few, a very few, railroads will succeed; the others must be failures There are not the necessities for these communications in Spain that exist in other countries, and much time must elapse before intermal wants and general education, increased produce, an activity not existinrg, and a good government that never existed, can create these necessities. And then things are so strangely done here. In maLing a road between the capital and a seaport, instead of beginning at the seaport, so as to carry the inqpedirnessta over easily and without expense on the rail, they begin at the other end, sending everything over the interval by carts and mules, sometimes with 24 mules to a cart, and sticking for 24 hours in the mud, after all. If. all these railroads were made, I should not like to travel upon them. The only security from daily destruction is punctualityin the starting of the trains. I love a Spaniard, and, to a certain degree, I admire him; ho has many virtues, but. nothing will ever make me believe that he will keep time, or that it is in his idiosyncracy to know the value of it." - The Moniteur says "The apprehensions which had been entertained as to the fate of the. crops in the neighbourhood of Paris, in consequence of the heavy rains, have happily turned out to be groundless. The wheat and the rye look very fLne, the ears being large and in good condition. The roots for forage are also in a very thriving, state. Under the influence of the warm weather, which has prevailed for some days past, this state of things will go on improving, and an abundant harvest may be hoped for." Suibscriptions in favour of the sufferers by the inundations have been opened in Belgium, Holland, Savoy, and Switzerland. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 20c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 71f. 35c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,370f.; Great Northern, 1,120f.; Strasburg, 950f.; New Shares, 857f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,495f.; Lyons to the Blediterranean, 1.690f.; Western of France, 935f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 772f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 661f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 802f. 50c.; Bank of Crdlit Mlobilier, 1,785f.; Austrian Railways, 880f. Cours AutIkenque.-PAIs, June 13.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-lHalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f. 50c. : Three per Cents., 71f. 70f. 80c. ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paidl, L e15e. 71f.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent, paid), 71f. 1c. 71f.; Bank of France, 4,050f. Credit Foncier, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 44Sf.; dittoThree per Cents., 400f. ; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,800f. 1,795E. 1,7S5f.; Discount Bank, 695f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Belgian Four-and-a- sIalf Per Cents., 97i Romans, 86; Spanish Interior Debt, 41A 42. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c., threo months, money, 25f 2.c. PARTS, SATURDAY, 6 P.L. The ex-Queen Mlarie Amelie, in her own name and in that of the Princes of the Orleans family, has subscribed a sum of 25,000f. towards the relief of the sufferers by the inumdations. General Changarnier has sent 100f. for the same purpose. The Union, Bretonsie of Wednesday says - " The Emperor, after having heard the details which the Prefect of thp Loire-Inf6rieure gave him respecting the inundations, granted 100,000f. to the department from the funds of the State, and added to the sum 20,000f. from his priqy purse. The accounts from St. Simon, where the rupture of the dike of La Divate took place, are satisfactory. The breach has not increased, and ithas been possible to save a lhouse which was endangered by the water from the breach beating against it with great violence. The inundation of the valley, it appears, took place so slowly that it wvas possible to save almost all moveable effects; and some hope is entertained that, if the Loire falls rapidly, part of the crops may be saved." The sums distributed by the Emperor durinc his visits to the inundated districts of the Rhane and the Loire for the relief of the sufferers amounted to C00,000f. The amount of subscriptions for the inundated received by the Prefect of Police up to Thursday evening amounted to 1,117,502f. General Sir William Fenwick -Williams, on whom the Emperor bestowed the Cross of Commander of the Legion of Honsour, on the occasion of the deft nce of Kars, had the honouir of being presented yesterday to His Majesty by Lord Cowley. The Emperor, on the occasion of the baptism of the Imperial Prince, has pardoned 291 persons confined in the bagnes and prisons of the empire, commuted or reduced the penalties of 489 others, and remitted the fines of 251 delinquents; in all 1,031 persons have experienced the effects of the Imperial clemenscy. The Emperor has also granted a remission of the remainder of their punishments to 180 military offlnders, and a reduction to 123 others. Troops continued to arrive at MarseiUes without interruption from the Crimea. The port and quays of La Joliette wvere literally flled with the material of the army and the baggage of the men. The war frigate Constitution, the screw corvette Dordogne, and the steam corvette Caton, having on board the 26th Regiment of the Line, entered 'la Joliette on the 12th, -with a number of sailing transports. The day before six vessels belonging to different nations, all laden with war material, and the English steamer Lady Jocelyn, having on board 1,084 military passengers, arrived at Marseilles from the East. Marshal Pelissier is to embark on the 15th inst. for France, and leave the command of the troops to General M.l'Mahon. RUSSIA. (FROMI OUR B1RLIN CORREsPONDEMT.) BERLIN, JUNE 12. We have no news here of any of the movements of the Emperor of Russia on the other side of the frontier, except that he arrived at Mittan on the 4th inst., where he received the nobility and the superior emplony6s, anld was present at a ball given that evening by the Courland nobility. On the morning of the 6th he proceeded to Riga, where he was to spend three days. As soon as he had crossed the frontier into his own dominions the Emperor was I made sensible of the change by the compulsory slowness of the pace ; the roads, which had been mended hastily and clumsily, by no means favoured hisdesireof rapid locomotion,and inconsequencethe postal and other local authorities, to whose province it belongs to superintend the means of comnminication and traffic, have been visited with very severe censures by the Emperor. Letters from the Prusso-Russian frontier describe the traffic of travellers as such that it would appear as if the Russians were evacuating Russia, and the French going in to take possession of it. What I have on forner occasions mentioned of tho numbers of Russian families swarming here on their way chiefly to the medical springs or to Paris still holds good. The stream continies to flow on for the present without any intermission. The French who are now resorting to the Russian capital are, however, of another class than these Russian visitors; teachers of languages, musicians, dancing-masters, cooks, hairdressers and perfumers, actors, and artistes of all sorts, reversing the order of the Israelitish exodus, propose to themselves the spoil- ing of the Egyptian as the end of their journey, rather than apreisminary step to it. Asit would seeim, the glowing recitals of such of their countrymen as had resided in St_ Petersburg, but had been compelled by the outbre-ak of the war to return to their own country, have led unusual niunbers of the French to seek the Russian capital, in all confidence of finding there an El Dorado. The Emperor is expected back in St. Petersburg ia-day; the Court there had at the date of the last advices already removed to Zarskoe-Selo, the usual summer residence. St. Petersburg runs a great riskL-jst now of becoming quite deserted; not oily are the rovingly-disposed leaving it in every possible Fway for the purpose of going abroad, bnt also the emigration to MIoscow seems to have begun 'with a view to the approaching festivities there; icertain portions of the persownel of the public offices a're being removed thither, where certain branches of the Seinate are to carry ontheir business, as also of the Herald's College and the commission for examining'petitions. The arrangements and preparations for the approaching solemnity and festivnties are described as surpassing the usual bounds of such ceremonials; it is mentioned, for instance, that about 4,000 saddle and coach horses are being eollected together and kept at the Emperor's expense for that occasion. The various Minis. ters resident in St. Petersburg are betakincg themselves betimes to Moscow for the purpose of securing apartments suitable to their rank and requirements. Count Esterhazy had led the way, and he was being rapidly followed by the others. Al lodgings are said to have become enormously dear there, anid that the hotel taken for Lord GranviUe is to cost for the time of the coronation 30,000 roubles. All these statements sound extremely apocrypheal and exaggerated, but such as they come to me I retail them again. - The publication of the sentences of the courtsmartial will, it is believed, soon be suspended; this. will not be from the want of matter, but from the reverse, because there is too much; it is thought that the standing of the army and its administration is being injured to excess in public opinion. The auses themselves,' however, are to be followed up none the less; a- permanent commission has been established in Mos- cow for the purpose of investigating every case I of abuse, without fear or favour, and whenever goodc grounds can be found for trial and prosecution they are to be instituted with all energy. This commis*sion is invested with extensive powers as regards compelling the attendance and the evidence of witnesses; officers ot the highest rank are required to. appear before it and give every information in their power, as was the case very lately with General Prince Schachowskoi. In spite of the Emperor's strict commands, the decisions of this committee and. the judgments of the courts-miiartial are kept back whenever it is possible; in cases, however, in which naval oflicers are conicerned the Grand Duke Constantine takes care that the greatest strictness shall be observed in following out all the instructions to. the letter, and he is indefatigable in hunting up and punishing every shortcoming. There is, also, by command of the Emperor, a penal code being elaborated for the Militia in Russia, the tendency of which is to visit all ofliences much more heavily than was hitherto the case. The Emperor is beg,inning to lose some of his popularity with the army on account of his excessive strictness; it must be borne in mind that the Russian private soldier, while subjected to the hardest treatment in all that concerns his military character, wlhiclh degrades him almost to the level of an animal or a machine, is accustomed to certain licenses and freedoms which. it would appear are no longer looked upoII with an indulgent eye. The soldiery complain that the latter are being withdrawn, while the former is not being relaxed. There is a talk of a monument being erected in St. Petersburg to Prince Paskiewitsch. Our countrymen and allies in the Crimea seem to have been unaware of the Russian law which prohibits the reimportatiorn of Russian paper money when once taken over the frontier; they have been disposing of their horses, camp furniture, and everything convertible, and taking in payment paper roubles, and, to make matters worse, it is required of all Custom-house officials and others on the frontiers not only not to take this money, but also to confiscate it. Some of the first proceeds of these Crimean horse and furniture sales have already arrived at Odessa; among the sifferers is a Consul-General, who certainly ought to have knowin better than to take this inconvertible paper, which possesses no imaginable value out of the Russian territories. The very mag,nitude of the evil promises in this case to bring about its removal, as urgent representations have been forwarded to St. Petersburg, requesting permission to suspend the prohibition in this case; and it is thought that this prohibition will share the fate of many others whose duration of existence is already doomed. A good many changes are going on in the fleet. The 28thEquipage (Finland) is to be disbanded ; the ship of the line Bosfor, now building in Nicholaieff,. is in future to be c.illed Sinope; and the other liner that is being built in America is to be called Kaiserin Marie; the men of the whole fleet are to be armed vwith rifles in future, and the commencement has been made already with the 1st Equipage. In the fewv first months af ter the breaking out of the war there were 196 rowboats, anld subsequently 30 screw gunboats, built for the protection of the coast in the Bay of Finland and the Gulf of Bothnia; to seven of these screw gunboats the commanders have just been nominated. The practice that has hitherto obtained of officers feceiving promotion on being ordered for duty in Siberia is now to be discontinued. This was more particularly the case with naval officers attached to the fleet of the Pacitic Ocean. The reason given for this discontinuance is that the naval force at the mouth of the Amoor and in general on the Siberian coast is to be increased so considerably, and the circumnavigating expeditions also are to be so much extended, that it would be no longer expedient to connect promotion with the appointment to this station. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN COxnRBSPONxDs2N.) TURIN, JumN; 10. The Austrian circular has provoked much less discussion in the press of this country than might have been expected. The fact is probably owing to its tenour having been known some days since, so that the eelge of criticism was dulled before the publication of the text. The clerical journals are; of course, well pleased with Count Buol's proction, as it quite coincides with their doctrine that the people are made for the Governments, and not the Governments for the people. The Liberal papers, on the other hand, maintain the right of the house of Savoy to speak in the name of Italy, both on aecount of its historical connexion with the country and because of the a]most universal discontent prevailing among the populations of the Peninsula, which, if unchecked by salutary remedies, threatens the security of every Government in Europe. The pointed observations in attacking 2I. Cavour personally are regarded by the latter papers as very undignified in a diplomatic document, and partieularly ungracious on the part of Count Buol,consider- ing the extremely courteous manner in which E., Cavour has always menitiouied the Austrian MIinister, even when acknowledging that their political principles must lead them in opposite directions. :The Sardinian Governmient will, no doubt, before long address a reply in justification of its principles to those Governments to wlhich the Austrian circular has been communicated, but as yet no official notice his appeared of it. An appointment of considerable significance has lately been made in the Civil Government of Lombardy. The Baron Kibeck, Austrian MAinister Resi- dent in Switzerlanid, has been namred Vice-Presi-, dent of the Lieutenancy of Lombardy, with permis-' sion to return to the diplomatic service. The office of V;ice-President is next 1. importance to that of Civil Governor of the Province, and the unusual nominaif-o of a Aistinguiislied diplomatist to this office, vith a special provision that he is not to relinquish hft own service in- cOisequence, together with the of his having come to Turin before repairing.to ls new post, gi-.es reason to believe that the sienna Government conLtemplates some advancea' tiwards a reconciliation *:irh Sardinia. 'The festa at Genoa on Suniday in honour of 'General della Marnmora and his brave companions l arms was attended wYiThI the greatest success and Mact. The General arrived there from Turin about miidday,and went imm:diatelytothe Ducal Palace, in the great hall of which a haiinjuet was prepared for Apwards of 300 persons. The head of the table was ,occupied by General della Marmiora; General John , urando, lately commanjding the 2d Division of the Sardinian army in tlheCiin:ea, and nowCommandant o, Genoa; General l,us.-qti, coiimmanding the National Guards of Genoa;L Count T-allieri, lntendant- _eneral; Admiral Peletta, Ahmiral commanding;' aiid Comnmen ditorkeEIeeim, 'Zlayor of Genoa. The' vkatherl was splendid, an:l the troops were bivouacked in the gariients of the Acqua Sola, where they were eutertaiiwd by the municipality, the fare comprising soup, n,accaroni; bread, wine, roast nieat, anid ;ci *r;. In the evening tiie tirboops defiIed before General della MVamnora in the Piazza Carlo Felice, 'passing under a triumphal arch as tlieywent. .: At-a later hour there were publie illuminations.and .grand entertainments at all the theatres. . There was not the slightest accident to mar the general harmony. General della Marmora returned to Turin by the. first train yesterday, and it is said that in the Coun- cil of Ministers 1held yesterlay morning it was. arrnged thathe should resume the direction of the. Ministry of War, without dividing the Navy from it for the present, General Durando having declined to acc'ept the portfolio'of Minister of Marine, and he will probably therefore be officially gazettedthereto on Monday next. -. It .has .at .length been decided to break up tho. Anglo-Italian Legion. Colonel. Read and his assistants 3in the recruiting department will retire as soon 'as all accounts here have been closed, and the. ILegion itself, which is now at Malta, underthe command of Lieutenant-Colonel Burnaby, will be disbanded, on the condition of three months' gratuity to officers and a year's pay to privates and noncommissioned officers. About one-half (1,500) of the men have agreed to take passage to a British. colony, I understand, and the remaining 1,500 will return to Italy. Our postal and telegraphic relations with France and England have again been restored to their original state, after an interruption of some 10 days. The mischief done in Savoy has not been confined to. present means of communication, but extends .,to those in prospect, as the damage sustained by .the bailay works in the neig,hbourhood of St. Jean e MIaurienne are so severe that the railway, instead of being opened for public accommodation on the 1st of July, as was intended, cannot possibly now be opened until late in the autumn. NAPLES, Juxx 9. My last letter informed you that, in answer to the indignant voice of Europe, uttered in such a variety of forms, the political trials were about to be renewed. This morning, in fact, what is caUed the:Mignonna case; from the name of the principal *person accused, comes on. There is great agitation, of course, on the subject, though the prophets are to a certan degree pleased that their predictions are *verified, and that another proof is about to be given that no hope of change can be expected here. The atto di accusa, an authenticated copy of which lies before me, charges llpersons with aconspi.racy to destroy and change the Government. They were denounced to. our notorious old friend Signor Campagna, who, axid his fidus AduaWtes, Mazza, by their united follies and brutalities, last year brought this country to the borders of a revolution. The informef is, in the wvords of the " atto,". Domnenico Francesco Pierro, who, repenting, per.'haps, that he. had.been associated with a ,gulty sect who were plotting new tuimults wherewith to interrupt the order actuallyenjoyed, revealed the revolutionary designs to the police. " Repenting, perhaps !" In other words, Pierro is one of the infamous swarm of spies who infest every street, every house, every family in the country, making a man distrustful .of his own household, studious of the face of his -fiiend or his brother before he speaks, and forming and stereotyping iii the national character the lowest qualities of suspicion, cunning, lying, and .treachery. Upon the report-of Pierroanmnuber of arrests were made, some in a cafe in Monte Calvario, the uisual trysting-place of the-conspirators, where, pretending to play dominoes, they concerted and conspired. Otlher arrests were made in private dwellings, to the number of 40 or more, and a number of seditious foreign journals, prohibited books, letters in sectarian jargon, and'perfectly unintelligible but for certain other papers, which it occurred to the Attorney-General might be the translation of those letters, were. seized. Accordingly "he girded himself up for the work; and after much labour ascertained, beyond all dispute, in what way to interpret the Arabic numerals in the letters. An alphabet being thus. formed, the letters were translated as they are entered in the lproc-, .from which it is clear that a new conspiracy was being formed; that the means were .the instigation of the inhabitants of t.he king'dom against~ the authorities; the sending messengers into the Calabrias to corrulpt and seduce the troops of Htis Majesty (D. G.), for which purpose money was prepared, showing that a kind of tax had been established !" As to the booLs found, theywere prohibited works,-" a most seditious print by 3lassimo'd'Azeglio," and another called I Lodi ddi Lombardi. For arms one pistol and one sabre. So -far, then, the case stands thus -.The accused,.11 -persons, for to that number. have they been reduced, consisting of 'two advocates, two priests,. one monk, one. woniai, and five political prisoners, four of whom, all condemned to the Ba,gni of Procida, are asserted to be gauilty on the exidence of the penitent Pierro, and of unintelligible letters interpreted by an alphabet which has been constructed by the public accuser. Other -witnesses, it appears, are a priest, who, on a second examination, retracted the greater portion of his statement before the Commissary Campagna, and the brother:in-law of one of the prisoners, a lad' of .14 years of age. I shall 'not enter into further details, but thus much was necessary to give you some idea of the case. From another paper, draw n upr by one who witnessed the facts which he has stated to me by word of month, as well as in writing, let me give you the followsing particulars connected with the arrest of the prisoners:-It took place on the 27th of July, 1855. A great portion of the prisoners were detained the wbole night in the police station of the Quarter of the Port, which is under the care of Campagna, and were witnesses of the treatment which Mignonna received. He was stripped; the policemen rivalled each other in insulting him, spitting in his face and striLding him, after which thev shut him up in the necessary of the station, where he passed the night. On the following day they were taken to the prison of San'Maria Apparante and questioned. Mignonna was afterwards bound, and received 50 stripes. An officer, named Quartana,. was condemned to receive the same,. but the punishment was suspended, as'Quartana fainted after under-, going a portion of it. The order had been that.all should be beaten. Without light or air, without beds or chairs, they passed many days, until the *public, hearing of the brutalities exercised towarlds. them, began to murmur, and the drawing up of the pocis was taken from the hands Of Campagna and transferred to those of Kicoletti, the ProcuratorGenerale. After 11 months it has been completed, and at the moment I am writing the men are probably on their trial. In the statement which I send you I have suppressed mfany disgusting details, and, if what I have stated appears to be exaggerated, .I can only assure you that my great anxiety is to arrive at the truth; that I have made every effort to do so ; that I have enjoined the utmost precision on my informants, and, after having cross-examined them with the same results, have compelled them .to. reduce everything to writing. More than this I cannot do; and now havmig given you .,an d6rrnsg of the authenticated "atto di aeusa" and of" the report of one who was arrested, I leave th6. case in your hands. What diplomacy .may be doing here it is difficult to ascertain, for diplomacy is proverbially dark, but so sure astthere is a sun in the heavens nothing for the good of the people will be initiated by what we must conventionally call the Government of this country. In that quarter there is no conviction of its necessity,;in that quarter there is an obstinacy of character wvhich'will maintain and act upon, its right to ruin rather than yield,.: In that quarter, too, there di a fimn dependence on Austria, whose -hold upon t4ii 'country. is incompatible with good govern-. ;n;ient and order.' As to, France, I don't think she is. nruch feared, as dynastic necessities are supposed to ,bWnd' her to a middle course, and pity is it, if trtte, ,Ialt France, usually mor boastful of being in the van' *or freedom;h,ould lose ,t,hepres,tige of her name 'in , Italy. Still the universal inquiry is, " What will ,E'ranco and England do," and the excited popula- ,tions still wait hopefully for the answer. -
THE PBATINSI4AR SMAlS. [The following appeared in or third edition of Sa. (BY ELEcrIC TELEOGAPH.) SOUTaAMPTON, SATuRDAY MoiNISG. 2By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Sultan, Captain Cook, with the Peninsular 'mails, -we have dates from Gibraltar, June 3d; Cadie, 4th; Lisbon, 9th; Oporto, 10th ; Vigo, 11th. The Sultan biings 82 passengers, 1,3331. in specie, and a cargo of fruit, &c. I During the homeward voyage the Sultan was detained. 12 hours at Vigo owing to a dense fog. On the 5th jmst., off' Cape St. Vincent, she spoke the steam transport Orinoco; on the 9th passed Her MItjesty's storeshipj Industry, steering north; on the' llth^also spoke the mail steamer Tagus, steamifig'into Vigo Bay. I The,linisterial crisis was over,and a newMinist L fbrmed, as already announced by telegraph. , The country was tranquil, and lkely to continue so. t si ! The English steamer Industry, Captain G. Bar, -out 39 days from Sebastopol, for Portsmouth, put into Lisbon on the 7th inst. wvith machinery -damaged. The exchanges for bills at three months? by this packbt are o545 onLondon, with small supply of bills 'and scarcity of nmoiney; Paris, 5.20; Amsterdam, :43 Hiunburg, 49t; and Genoa, 5.17. T l'he stock market had been affected during the Ministerial crisis, but Three per Cents. were again irm and in demand at 41A to 42- when the packet left; Bank of Portugal shares 495 to 502 milreis -eiuih; and Oporto Bank Stock, 17-;: to 20 per cent. prexmum. At Gibraltar were Her AMajesty's ships Dragon, Industry, Conflict, Desperate, Ariel, and Vulcan, and several transports. Her Majesty's ship Ariel had arrived from the Riff coast with four of the crewbplonging to the plundered ship Hymen. Her *Majesty's ship Retribution was off Cape Tres Torres with some Mloorish authorities on board. Hopes 'were entertained that the remaining 11 of the crew of -the Hymen would be recovered.
STATE OF TZADE. -- MANCHESTER, Ju?c 14. The easier state of the cotton-market at the commence-ment of the week, when the lower qualities of American -were about Id. per lb. cheaper, led to a corresponding decline in yarns, but a little more disposition on the part of buyers.to operate during the last two days has given a steadier tone to the market. Shippers have purchased for China and India, and to a moderate extent for Germany, but the business has not been considerable. Prices may be quoted as about equal to the rates of last week. In the -demand from manufacturers there has not been much change, but rather *uore confidence is apparent. In cloth 'prices are also a little steadier, the offers described as having teen made on Tuesday having led subsequently to some moderate purchases. The stocks of 40-inch shirtings on hand are light, and manufacturers are less inclined than at the cominencement of the week to accept lower terims. Printing cloths have gone off but sparingly, and prices have been favourable to purchasers. In longcloths and T-cloths there is little or no change, but the better qualities of the latter are fully in as-oodrequestas lastweek. BIMINGGAM, Jusz 14. The make of second-class iron, nwing chiefly to the fallng off in American orders, continues to be languid, and prices have a downward tendency. There is, however, at present no observable slackness among the first houses, and marked iron maintains last quarter day's prices. Our principalironmasters do not anticipate a continuance of any severe depresson, unless, indeed, the present controversy with the Government of the United States should terminate in a war; but with an easier money-market they predict a good trade during the surmmer -months: The orders recently received from India and almost all other foreign countries into which South Staffordshire iron finds its way have been more than usually good, and expectations arising from projected railways in the north of Europe would seem to justify the most sanguine expectations. There is reason to believe, however, that at the approaching quarterly meetings an attempt wil be made by some members of the trade whose works are suffering from the competition of undersellers to obtain a reduction of present declared prices, but the success of the attempt, if made, is very doubtful. It is clear from all the accounts wereceive that the pigmakers-at least, those who make the best class-will stop their furnaces rather than make for stock, and be ultimately compelled to accept lower rates; and if such determination be generally carried into effect, as it is in some instances at the presenttime, the first makers of manufactured iron will find it impossible to acquiesce in the proposed reduction. - There is no doubt that one cause of the present suspension of orders is the extreme caution evinced by consumers,- not only abroad, but at home; and, moreover, the entire absence of speculation which now characterizes the iron-market. Stocks- throughout South Staffordshire are extremely low, and, should the peace of the world be once againi definitively established, activity would speedily prevail-throughout the entire district. There is nothing new with regard to the coal trade. It still continues dull, and, owing to the increased production -of the pits, old and new, and the large importations from a distanco, prices, even as at present reduced, are far from being firm. The very best house-coal may .nw be had in Birmingham at 12s. 6d. per ton. In connexion with the coal trade, it is but justice to s-afe that the assertion of Mr. Huddleston, in the Birmingham Bankruptcy Court on Thursday, as reported in 7The Times of yesterday, is likely to convey an erroneous if not an injurious, impression with respect to the sale of the Pelsal Collieries. Mr. Huddleston alleged that the assigneesoflr. Green had sold the colieries for 9,C001O nore than their cost to that gentleman. This is an error. The cost of the collieries, together with the expense of their opening, is said upon good authority to have amounted to upwards of 40,0001. * they were sold to their present owners for 30,000l. -The sale was, notwithstanding, a good one for the assig nees, although it is generally believed that if ir. -Green could have retalined and developed this property he would have released himself from the hank deficit. The iron foundries in all parts of the adjacent districts are in fair employment, and producing an average amount of wgrk. The suspension of a few Government contracts, consequent upon the teriaination of the war, does not ap-pear to have produced any material effect. The boilermakers, as well as the hollow-w,are manufacturers, are equally brick in comparison with what they have been. The manufacturing* trades generally of the neighbourhlood are, indeed, better off for orders than they wvere at the corresponding period of the last year. Even the glass business is in some degree reviving. The foreign orders for Birmninghammanufactures received during the past w eek have not been very considerable; those from the IJnited States, as might be expected, show a marked dchine. -Orderspreviouslyin hand have,lhowever,been shipped through Lnverpool houses as usual, and our merchants do not anticipate for the present any impediment being throv;n in~ the way of their transmission of merchandise. The de-mand for Birmingham goods in the Brazils is said to be improving, and in South Anmerica generally, notwithstanding the disturbed state of some parts, there are sy1mptoms of a reviving trade. Good orders have been received -during thevweek for articles of local m7anufacture from the A,ustraliaui colonies, and the demand for all descriptions of hardware is greatly upon the increase. These requirements haXve gi,ven a considerable impetus to the edged tool blailness, and many- of our largest establishments are coasequmentlyiin fuUl work. Few of our merchants now make any importan;t conisignments to Australia; -bond fa7e orders -slone are executed, and for these it is stated cash is gene- rmdly promptly renfitted in return. 'The home tradec in Birminngham hardwarcs contmnues to ;improve. - Fewv of the manufactories are what may be cwlced extremely busy, but scarcely any indulgre in complaintsn Tie greatstaples of brass foundry and all descrip-tibus of copper work are lqooking up, and orders for the ironmrngers of the kingdom are becoming more numerousas the year advances. The town which of all others has displayed the least want of Birmingham productions is said to be Liverpool, and in- some parts of the manufacturing diaticets of Lancashire commercial men say the demand for ebsrdoe thisnyear has been very limited. In the southern sAd w.estern COUntieS, and, indeed, in allagricultural markettowns througheut the kuigdom, there is a large_ad in-creasing demand -for cur manufactures. The accounts received from travellers in Ireland make similar favourablse representations. StThe great feature of the Birmiingham trade at the present moment is the increasing demand for cipper sheathing-and copper- and iron tubng. For electric 'wire-there'is also ant extraordinary call, and thin require-77jent has grcatly increased since the close of the late wrar. 'Onr 'former-rehations with Russia appear, in fact, to be perfectlyorinstated, -and there is little doubt that for manufactures exdcusively Birmingham the demand will be much geatevi thtan' it. has been for any summers pest. It aejay -2e~ -stated 'that among the safe -and substantial demands wehich have recently been made upon the Birdir'gham mt anuftureri and wlhich is oneamoagmanyof the appyresilts *hich;have followed the termination of th'e A-ussian wcr,, is the - call for all descriptions of copPer and bhras givefittings.i Some old contracts in the d erman S&ates whichawere suspended during the late war, have been rene. ed,'And others are now in course of negoti;tion. ' 1Whe lht tree 'stated that theaBirmingham Chamber of 'domperc had suggested severda amendments i the Joint- lStacd&Cxmpnemel Bill noy before Parliament, but vere ap;piehsenTiveg-tbnea'stpure bad passed the House of Com- ruons,.that they would not be likely to meet with due considtetiyeifro a the Lornds.T One amendment, however, is so important that -whnen placmdibefore the p ouseit will, 'wo -presue, immediately receive the sanction of thatAssembly tai wel as the Commosis. Clause 41 as the bill dow stands, provides "that ! compasnies: shaell be bound by any bill of excha ge, rnade, accepted, orandorsed in their name by any person acting underom, ir express orimplied authority," and theaBirmgingham Charber of Commerce proposcs to add 'ithat vi be further provided that if any person shall oive rpept,orwendose in the name of the company any bBil or note for' which 'foil 'consideqration has not been received to taide, ar the por4eit dcmseie in; trade oE the asine company. such erson shall be- declaredguilty o fraud, andbe rendered amenablefto8uitable punishnment accrdingoly." It is diElicult te3in7agin any objection et chis addition-so neceswary to proerat frauti by m tembers of public companies-andcthe rfctlnyet oE Mr. I,owvetd its introduction- is confidently antticrpaid; -' -. i - Tk reports fromReditch,- Cloventry,arnd :Eidderminster L ar atisfactory.- -No grieat nmcrease a demand has taken g~ae'ta~it. !asbcnt for man uzsgummersb good itp,y 1but the rifand, and nxpet trades at each of Xitisia war, i th: call-.p-s for l descriptionsof goodppernd ployment to workpeople at fair average profits. Scme ot the travellers frori Kidderminster, n the, carpet businens, $Peakunfavourahly of their branchof trade ;but it ought htti be considered that the season of the year is generally deemed.- adverse to any extraordinary activity in the trade of goodaessentially of winter use. The watch trade at torentry in. decidedly better. - - NqOT']INGHA3, Ju,-x- 14.~: We have had but few buyers for lace in the town this week ,though arnoderatee'x.tent of business continues to-be" done in plain nets. The fancy trade is rather quieter. - American purchasers are drawingtheir operations to- close},i the unsettled condition of political affairs between the two countries having evideitly had the effect of causing them to limit their operations materially, especially those who are represented by branch houses in this country. Somne of them have already departed for the United States. For hodery the demand has also diminished. The Arneicans have completed their purchases, and the home-trade houses buy very sparingly, in anticipation of stock-taidngWe have entered upon the dull season which is usual between the spring and autumn trades. At present there is an abundance cf employment; and, if spinners meet the de- - mands of manufacturers, -which it is probable they will do,p) there will be no lack of work for some time to come, unless so great a calamity as war with America should ensue.- During the last wee-k the market for cotton yarns has been a little easier, and further concessions are looked for. Silk continues to advance in price. Woollen and merino yarns are firm. LEICESTER, Jm-x14. The hosiery trade is quiet. There is rather more doing in the fancy and glove departwent, but this branch cannot be said to be brisk. Ordersfor the United States beingnow completed, many of our operatives find employment scarce. For regular worsted and woollen hosiery there is very little- - demand, these, branches remaining in an inactive state. The wool-market is languid, and there will not be much doing until the new clip is ready, and the prices established at the wool fairs, which will shortly be held. There is very. little doing in yarns, and some of the mills are workingahort, time. LEEDS, Jv?7E 14. The woollen cloth-markets to-day have been firm, and,l notwithstanding the morning was very wet, a shade mora business was transacted. There is a growing inquiry for - goods suitable for the fall trade, and an increased business. could be done if the manufacturers would make any abate- mnent; but the late price of wool precludes, they say, any'immediate reduction. The home trade is in a satisfactory - condition, and the shipping houses have operated more freely; but the uncertainty respectmg our prospective rela - tions with the United States has temporarily a prejudicial effect. Clothing wools are steady in price, and the demand, taking into account the quantity bought by manufacturers at the late London sales, hears a full proportion to the stock held by local brokers. With regard to the wool trade on the Continent, and the probable requirements of foreign. woollen manufacturers, the Lords Intdligencer of to-day says,- " At the Breslau fair this week a large proportion of the. wool remained unsold, owing to the exorbitant rates de- nanded bythe growers. Prices are considered 2ld. to3,Id.- per pound above the rates current at the last fair. The ittendance of buyers was unusually small and the transac. tions few. The woollen trade on the continent is just now - flatter than it has been for some time, and doubtless this had its effect. The enormous trade witn Am erica which- ' has been carried on by the French and Belgian manufacturers ever since 1848 has resulted in greatly overstocking that market, so far as fine cloths are concerned, and has seriously crippled their operations. Indeed, the smallU1 quantity of wool taken by them at the late sales in London mustbe attributed chiefly to this fact." The reports of the latest Yorkshire fairs for the new clip of English wool are as follows:- ' SELBw, June 6.-The first market for the sale of wool at this place was held this day, and merchants were cautious at a decline on other mark-ets. Prices were as follows:Hogs, 17s. 6d. to 19s.; hogs and ewes, 16s. (3d. to 17s.; ewes. 14s. Gd. to 16s. per stone "PoONEFR.AcT, June 7.-There was a good supply of -wool to-day, but business was dull and prices were rather lower. Rog wool sold at from 17s. to lSs. Gd., and ewe wool at from 16s. to 17s. per stone. K1ONRTHALLERT0N, June IL-At this annual fair there was a very large supply of wool, which sold at from Is. 2d. to Is. 4d., and some extra finefleeces at Is. 5d. perlb. The whole was cleared offi " YoRE, June 12.-There was a large supply of wool and a numerous attenlance. Heavy rains to-day, however, had a serious effect upon the market. In some cases there was a little improvement in prices, hut, generally speaking, tJheywere aboutthe same as l astweek, fromIs. 4d. tols.6d. - per lb. for tip-top qualities, and inferior sorts lower in ' proportion." The w orsted trade at Bradford and Halifax has been rather flat, the demand, both for yarns and goods, being limited, prices not being satisfactory in their relation. to the cost of the raw nateriaL The suDply of wool for - this branch of muanufacture is increasing, and an effort on the part of spinners, &c, is being made to bring down the present high guotations.5e The flax spmning trade in Leeds insmoderately active, an&' - itis thought it will improve as supplies of Russian flax come to hand. GeneraUy, the -working classes in Leeds and the neighbourhood are well employed. A little slackness is apparent in the iron trades, orders not having increased. DUBLINT, JUN7E 14. Trade has this wee'k given some indications of improvement. Business has been much more brisk than of late, even though the weather has not yet cleared up into the brilliancy of summer. Prices of many articles of consumption stiL range high, and in some instances, particularly corn and sugar, show an unpward tendency. At Smithfi eld, also, the turn was decidedly upwards. The baconmarket has been up again this week. Large suppihes continue stil to arrive at Liverpool, but the high price is steadily maintained. The Customs' Teceipts for the week to -Tbhssday inclusive were 21,052I, against l9.S33. lass week. - Tbe follosving is an abstract of duties received at the port of Dnblin for the-week ended June 7:-Tea, 6,0921. 12s.; refined sugar, l,1811. 14s. 5d.; mauscovado sugar, 5,7491. 9s. 3d.; coffee, 1431. 16s. 7d.; wine, 2,2411. 3s. 4d.; spirits, 5771T.12s. 3d. ;tobacco, 2,9231.13s t7d. ;timber,1031.2s.l0d.;miscellaneous, 1G41. 10s. 2d. The busimess on the Stock-Exchange has been limited, particularly in shares, but previous prices have been generally supported. BELFAST, JUNE 13. Linen.-The present month pronises well for the sale of linens. Stoclks of bleached goods were not large at the end of the first quarter of 1856, but the succeeding sixc weeks did not prove so active as might have been expected, and several styles of linens accumulated. Since that dat-c there 'has been a better demand for the home markets, and a steady ameunt of business done in foreign sales. The Anerican orders by the last steamer are sufflcient to strengtben the hope of continued peace. Bleacbfield operations have been extensive for the last two or three months, and thle quantities of goods sent out in the finished state have been above the ordinary average. There is no change in prices. Fine linens are firm; medium and coarse shirtings have an upward tendency. In the markets for brown liuns the chief feature of the week was a larger supply of law-ns and light linens. Last Ballymena market -was pretty fully attended. and at the closeveryfew lots were unsold. The imports and exports of linen, linen yarn, and flax at this port daring the month of May, 18-55-6. compare as follows Linen Yarn. flay. 3S55-626,0601b. S2 tons. 1E5-971.9JIhb. 1..12 tens. Increase 30,9CO lb. Increae 320 tons. =ORTS. Linen. Linen Yam. F1as. 1l55-4,571.OS05ards .. C55,2D0 lb. .. 728 tons. 1856-5.59S.00 yards .. 1,124,480 lb. . . 315 tons. Increase 1.027,003 yards .. 469,20 lb. Dec. 403 tons. These figures show a large increase in the imports and exports of linen yarn. Flax.-The countrv markets for the Past week have been very well supplied with flax, and all has been bought up with great briskness. The p rices ranged as follows Handscutched, from 5s. to 7s. id. millssutched, 6s. 10d. to lOs. (d. per stone of 16jlb. In foreign flax we have nDt heard of any transactions of moment. Cotton.-The impetus of an easier money-market gives an influence to the market for cotton goods. Gray goods sell in larger lots. The value, however, of second-class fabrics is not equal to that noted at the end of March, and the cost of production remains the same. Prime goods do not vary in prices. The quotation for jacconots is quite up to the fu figures attained three months ago. Demand for low lawns is rather better,and yard-wide jacconots required at the printfield have a fair n of demand. Fancy goods are more sought after.
- SPORTING I2TElLIGE1 CE. PROGRO.MIME OF HAMPTON RACES, WEDNYSDAY. The STANDa PLATE of GD sovsh bndicap). for all ages; the winner of gny nce aftYr the weights were published, jlb. extra. Onice round and a dist .n-e ae .nCZ;u- rtAkr.uu o.a. aaiue w a swcepsUapes or J SOvT. each, forall ages; for 2-yr-olds, 7st. ; 3-yr-olds, &St. 101b.; 4-yr-olds, Pit. 41b.; 5-yr-olds and upwards, 9st. 91b Mares and geldingg allowed 31h. Horses to be sold for £200 allowed 31b.; if for £150. 9lb.; if for 1l00, 141b.; if for £SO. 211b.; if for £40, 281b.; if for £20. 421tb The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race, and the surplus (if any) over the selling price to go to the race fund. The straight half-mile. The ScumLuy SrtKEs (handicap) of 10 sovsa each, h. ft., gentleman riders; professionals. Sib. extra. One mile. To close and name by 4 o'clock on the furst day of the races, and the weights to be declared by 7 o'clock the same evening. The entries for the Hulrst Plate, the Innkeepers' Plate, the Railway Plate, Her Mfajesty's Plate, and the Bushey Plate to be made on Meonday (tilis (lay), between the hours of6 and S p.m. THE ROYAL THAMfES YACHT CLUB. On Saturday morning camne off the annual grandi match for schooner-yachts-the most attractive of the season, not only fromn the size of the vessels, but the greater length, and consequently greater variety of the trip. Groping down the river to Gravesend, or a little beyond, is, after all, very slow work, but when the vovage is extended to Sea Reach (supposing the weather to be favourable) the trip is invariably delightfuL The sight of green salt water is very refreshing after a daily contemplation, from the deck of a penny steanmer, of the turbid stream of the Thames between the bridges; and as for the fresh breezes which ventilate the lungs of the jaded Londoner as he approaches the Nore, we will venture to assert, that they are, in a sanitary point of view, worth a whole week's excursion in any part of the country. We say nothing of the chances of sea-sickness-a malady which, according to some persons, evidently not very deep in the igEsnlapian science-is of itself salutiferous-lil_ the knife of the surgeon whiclh is "cruel only to be kind," but this we hold to be ran], heresy. The weather on Saturday morning, however, was so bilsteringthat no prudent voyacer would have boarded a seagoing steamerwithout a phialof creosote, thenow favourite remedy for the qualims produced by ocean swells. The sky was tolerably clear, hut the wind blew very freshly from the W.S.W., and occasional showers, short in duration, but copious in quantity, frequently drove the visitors into the cabins, and scattered Mr. Smith and his band like the Russians at Inkermann. The Prince of Wales steamer left Adelaide-wharf at halfpast 9 o'clock, and reached Gravesend soon after midday. Here the race was to commence. We subjoin the usual particulars:- Names. Tons. Ports. Owners. Wildfire . .. 59 .. Cowes .. Mr. T. T. Turner. Ialla Rookh .. 126 .. Do. . ViscoImt Bangor. 'Vestal .. .. 74 .. Southampton Mr. F. OrdlMarshall Sappho .. .. s .. Portansnuth.. Mir. G. P. Naylor. Aquiline .. .. 55 .. Harwich .. Mfr. J. C. Cardinall. Thiswas a "time" match, and a quarter of a minute per ton was allowed for difference of tonnage. This " time" regulation, although perhaps necessary and convenient, eomenwhat diminishes the interest of a yacht race, and often, us yesterday, involves what the French caU a non sens, inasmauch as the leading vessel, although perhaps in advance by some minutes, is not the winner, because disqualified bv difference of tonnage. The five yachts made a beaitiful start at J2h. 30inin. p.m., lying vith their heads up the river, and so. having to wear round. The Vestal took the lead for about a mile, followed bard upon by the WVildfire and Lalla Rookh. The last vessel, however, soon shot a-head of her competitors, and maintained an advance throughout of nearly a mile. The alala Rookh relied on her capacity for carrying sail, and the WVildfire for her superiority of crew. The Wlildfire, indeed, made the most desperate efforts to win the race; and at one time so overloaded her masts Nwith canvass that they might have gone by the board at any moment. It was currently asserted on the return race that her foremast was -prung, but this was not the ease; and a suibsequent shorteningof sail prevented anydisaster. The Vestal was a good third, and the Sappho followed, the Aquiline being in the rear throughout the race. The vessels rounded the sitouse Light, 10 miles below the Nure, in the following order: IT. ar. S. 1alla Rookh ... ... ... 2 39 35 Wildfire ... ... ... ... 2 42 30 Vestal (very close) ... ... .. 243 30 Sappho ... .. ... ... 2 45 0 Aquilin ... ... ... 2 47 45 The scene at the Mouse was a beautiful one. The Lalla Rookh sailed round the Light in a graceful style wolthy of her name, skimnung over the surfy breakers on the pinions of the air, but was lying hard over, and dipping her gunwale in such a manner as to make our hearts rejoice that we trod the deck of a goodly steamer. On turning back it became necessary to make things a little more snug, and aU extra sail was taken in with one consent. Meanwhile, the steamer rolled heavily, as she lay to off the Light, and every one was on the watch for symptoms of trembling and. turnin" pale. The fishes, however, were for once disappointed. lt now becamne evident that the Wildfire was gaiing rapidly; her gallant, but hazardous mano-uvring Las already been noticed, and, bad not fortune favoured the bold, she would probably have been " nowhere." The other vessels rather lost ground. They aU rounded the flag-buoy off Gravesend in the following order:- II. 3. S. 1. Lalla Rookh. ... ... ... 7 40 -p.m. 2. Wildfire ... ... ... ... 7453. Vestal ... ... ... ... 752 45 4. Sappho ... ... ... ... 7 59 - 5. Aquiline ... ... ... ... 8 5- And thus, allowance being made for tonnage, the Wildfire proved the winner, w ith more than 10 minutes to spare, the difference of time allowed being about 16 minutes. Mr. Turner, the owner, forthwith mounted the deck of the Prince of Wales, and was presented with a splendid silver permse (of the value of 100 guineas), by Lord tlfredPaget, the Commodore of the club, assisted by the venerable Vice. ICommodore R. Green. This ceremony took place just before sunset, on a summer evening of unusual loveliness. After a surplus of compliments and iced champagne the Prince of V'Waes returned to London, and landed t!ie majority of her passengers at Blackwall-pier shortly before 10 o'clock p.m., aftera voyage of more than 12 hours. The excellent band of the Royal Artillery played at inter:als throughout the day, under the management of Mr. Simith, the bandmaster, who conducted with his usual ability, and spared no trouble to gratify the various tastes of his auditors. Mlr. Watts catered for tho commissariat de- partucent. __________ [Advertisement.]-"The Suawgl,.t' by John Banim; authoroof "TneO'lrara Family" Ne.- m.d cheapedition. Price2s. boards; clotli, S. tr.. or free by Post f.ur 't 0 stamps extra. A most exciting and interesting novel, full of la..,-ic and adventure. Also ready, "'fea,0dlg Fla-l and Nightmare Ab'rer,. price Is.; by T. L. Peacock. Ful :of extraordinary inftormati*,-. o the subject of ghostG d superntural agencF, wiU ll -et eerly read by all lovers of the marelou. "Life of a Salor."hv C;~ tain Chasnier ; price 2s. ; cloth, 2s. d. posti free for two extra.stamps. Thi- osurageous exploits performed by our British seamen, aud lnarrated by Captain Chamier. h,ave rendered his sea novel deservsxll' farmmosns. "Pen Brace," by the same anther; price us:; cloth 2Sr Od Foll of ieteresting particu2als respecting Lord Nelson, reltatig r-eany ireidedts in his ivato. life hitherto unrecorded in historp. "The WbmIow Barnaby," b7 Mrs Trol20Pe:; price 2s. ; cloth. 7s. 6.1L: Avs'.J Moriees celeh'rated Persian tale. "- Havii s3ba in Englar-t :" price Is. 4.; cloth, Pu. leaden, Ward and Loc2x, 1S5. Beet-street'- The Hsuyssr PLATE of 30 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each- 3-yr-olds, Sst.; 4-yrolLs, Ost. 2lb.; 5-sr-olds, 9st 91b.; 6-yr-olds aud aged, Sat. 131b. Mlares and geldings allowed 3ib. ;a winner once this year of£50,31b.: twice, or £100, 51hb extra. The winner to be sold for £00. Allowances if entered to be rold for less One mde. The SupmLvn anld.MDDL zc6 Sr.UcS (handlcap), of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft., an.5 only if declared, with :0 added if three horses start . the recondto vave his stake; the winner of anyhandicapafterthe 'weights were published, 71b. extra. Two miles. 36 subs., 25 of whom 7Iav 5 nova e.o'1 ume LIPr11tONiT tiTAX1, Of 10 sovs. each. 5 ft.. with .0 added, if three horzes start, for 2-yr-olds; colts. Set. 71b.; fiUiWe, Et. 31b. The winner of the New Stakes at Ascot 5ib., and all other winners 31b. extni. laIf a mile. 20 subs. TEhe LNKEzELFiRS' IqTr, of 30 soes., added to a Sweepstakes of 3 sEOV. each: 3yr-olds, 7st. ,lb.; 4.yr-olds; &st. 7b.; 5yr-olds Set. 12lh.; 6-yr-olds and aged, t.e S2b.; mares and geldings allowed 31b. The winner to be sold for £130; allowances, if entered to be Evldforless. Heats, thre-equrt.eerofamile. THU-RSDAY. The Vistrorts' Pr.Tr, of 50 sovs. (handicap), for all ageg. The win- ner of any race after the weights were pnbliahed S5b. extra. ThreeCmarter of a Mile. 'Ehc RAILWvAY.y PLATE, of 50 sovs., given by the South-Western Rail way Company, added to a Sweepstakes or 5 eocs. each; 2-yr-olds, 7st. ; 3-yr-ods. 9st. ; fli-es and geldings allowed, 31b.,; maiden 3-yrolds allowed 51b.: maiden 2-yr-olds, having started twice, allowed Slb. The winner to be sold for £150, if demanded; allowances, if entered to be oil for less. Five furlons. ziER mAJSTy'S rxn; of 100 guineas; 3-yr-olds, 7st. 71b. ; 4-yr-olds, 9st.; 5-yr-olds, PSt. 61b.; 6-yr-old7 and aged, 9st. 91b. The winner to be sold for.50(t. Twomiles. be RICnInOND PLATE, of 50 MVs. Ihandicapt), for all ages. The winner of any race after the weights were published 51b. extra. One ile.
LAW BEPOBT. P-nT^RplpAPlT'P t .F7RRR1tCTW WvSTnRT,rr .T 51%n1.1 TOZER V. eILD A-)D ANOTHER. (tittings at 2isi Prius, before Lord CAMPBELL and k;pecieZ Juries.) Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Prideaux, and Mr. Hawkins ap. peared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. Worlledge for the defendants. This action was brought by a parishioner of St. Clement Banes, in the Strand, to recover damages from the churchwardens of that parish for reftusing to allow the plaintiff to be nominated as a candidate for the office of vestryman, at an election which. took place on the 14th of November, 1855, under the Metropolis Management Act (the 18th aud, 19th of Victoria, chap. 120), and also for refusing to receive his vote at the election of vestrymenl and auditors which took place on the same day. The declaration alleged the fact of the election, &c., and it then alleged that the defendants, fraudulently and maliciouslv, intending to injure the plaintiff and deprive him of his privilege, refused to allow him to he nominated or to vote, whereby the plaintiff was deprived of his privilege and put to great expense in setting aside the election. The defendants, among other pleas, pleaded that the plaintiff had not paid a church-rate which had been duly made; that a church-rate was a "parochial rate and tax" within the 16th section of the Metropolis Lana"ement Act- and that as the plaintiff had not paid the rate he was disquldidied. To this plea the plaintiff replied that the rate in question was an invalid rate, being made for illegal purposes; and an issue was raised upon this question. It appeared from the evidence given by r. Innes, the plaintiff's solicitor, that on the 11th of May, 1854, a vestry meeting was held for the puflpose of making a church-rate. An estimate of the expenses was read, and, upon that, it was proposed that a rate of 3d. in the Pound should be made. An amendment was. moved, that a rate should be made of only 2d. in the pound; but the amendment was lost, and the original motion was carried by a majority of 39 to 6 votes. On the 8th of June followinganother vestrymeeting was held,when the church-rate made at tho previous meeting was signed; but, subsequently, a poal of the parishioners was held, on the 12th, 13th, and 14th of June, which resulted in the rate being carried by a majority of 482 votes to 130. Mr. InneF attended the vestry, meetings, and objected to certain items in the proposed rate,rwhich he considered illegal. Among these were items for the payment of an organist, organblower, and tuner, and a subscription of 251., which, it appeared, had for several years been paid annually to the Society for the Protection of Lives fronm Fire. He also obiected to the tradesmen's bils, which amounted to about 3001., and respecting which no explanation was given. - Those objections being unavailing, Mr Innes, on the 14th of June, 1854, caused a ceareat to be entered in the ecclesiastical court against the confirmation of the rate. The .hurchwardens then abandoned the steps which they had adopted for the confirnation of the rate, and proceeded to collect the rate from those of the parishioners who were. willing to pay. The rate was paid by a large majority, but it became necessary to issue from 200 to 300 summons to enforce payment by the recusant party. These summons were returnable on the 3d of March, 1855, and, on that occasion, Mr. Innes appeared before the magistrate, on behalf of himself and the other parties who had been summoned, and gave notice that the validity of the rate was disputed. This notice had the effect, under the proviso to the 7th section of the 53d George II., chap. 127, of putting a, stop to the proceedings before the magistrate; and the magistrate accordingly. adjourned the summons till the 13th of Moay, in order to give the churchwardens an opportunity, if they thought proper, of enforcing the rate jn the ecclesiastical court. In the meantime the old churchwardens went out of office, and new ones, the present defendants, were elected on the 13th of April, 1855.. As soon as they caame into office they. convened a meeting of the vestry, which was held on the, 3d of May, to consider whether any steps should be taken to enforce pavment of the arrears of the church-rate made in] the year 1854. A resolution was then moved by Mr. Innes,' and carned by the meeting, that it was not expedient that. any further steps should be taken for enforcing payment of the arrears. The matter was theu dropped, and the church.' wardens, in deference to the opinion of the vestry, took no' further steps to enforce payment. On thel4th of November following a meeting was held for the election of vestrymen and auditors underthe Metropolis Management Act, at which the defendant, 3Mr. Child, one of the churchwardens, presided. There were two lists proposed, one called the " blue list," proposed by the church-rate party,- and the other the "red list," put forward by the anti.church-rate party. The presiding churchwarden decided that no person who had not paid his church-rate was entitled' to become a. candidate, and he accordingly set aside the name of the plaintiff and those of seven other " red candidates ;" and when the plaintiff and the other "red voters" tendered their votes, their votes wrere rejected upon the same ground. It appeared that, in so deciding, the churchwardens had acted on the advice of the vestry clerk, a solicitor in aood practice; and it was also stated that the vestry cler?, had been informed that the,Solicitor-General had expressed an opinion that a church-rate was a " parochial rate or tax," within the 15th section of the act, the payment of which was necessary to render a person qualified to vote at such election. It further appeared that a case prepared by the vestry clerk, and settled by Mr. Innes, the solicitor of the red party, had been laid before Mr. Pashley, which seemed to them to lead to the same conclusion. But Mr. Innes persisted in his own opinion, and said that, if the churchwardens acted as they proposed to do, he should certainly go to the Queen's Bench. This witness, on cressexamination, stated that, he had brought 10 actions in this matter, but the actions had been consolidated. The subscription of 2-l5. was paid to a society for the Protection of Life from Fire, and all the parishioners derived protection from it. Lord C,1APBEEB here observed, that the expendituremight be very laudable, but it could hardly be said that the church-rate was applicable to such a purpose. The witness said the charge had recently been paid out of the poor-rate, which his Lordship observed was also an illegal application of the poor-rate. The other items objected to had always been paid out of the church-rate for the last 30 years. The opinion of Dr. Addams had been taken on the question of the validity of the church-rates and he had pronounced it to be good, with the ex;ception of the one item of 25l., and that as the rate had been adopted by a large majority, that ono item would not vitiate the rate. He, however, did not advise the churchwardens to take any steps towards enforcing the rate, though he said that making a rate and only collecting it from those who were willing to pay looked very much lke adopting the voluntary pmn- tendrd CAsPBELL observed that he thought the legal opinions which had been referred to would tend rather to'perplex the churchwardens, one of whom was a publican and the other an upholsterer. The plaintiff, who wasea tobacconist in hssex-street, in the Strand, proved that he was solicited to become a candidate for th office of vestryman, and consented; that he was proposed and rejected; and that his vote alsowhen tendered was refused. He also proved that the vestrymen when elected proceeded to elect a district hoard, and they to appoint paid paid offcers, but only during Pleasure hevidence was then given of the expense to which the plaintiff and the other candidates had been put in reference to the election, and the expense which they had incurred in this court beyond the taxed costs, in setting aside the lection. In order to show that the defendants bad' acted maliciously in this matter, it was suggested that their object was to keep their own party in power and to exclude their opponen*s. The defence was, that the churchwardens had acted entirely dana fide in the course which they had pursued, as wasevidencedhy the fact that they had througnhout followed the advice given by the vestry-clerk. The vestry-clerk, Mr. Isaaeson, was called, and was e - amined at some length in support of this defence. e '5said that he had convened a s eeting of the vestry-clerks in the city of Westminster, and that all those who assembleduhad agreed in putting the same construction on the act. Lord CAt PBELd, in summing up the evidence, said,p the jury must decide whether or not the defendants had acted b'ond fide in this matter. If they had acted bon4 fide, they were entitled to a verdict, even though the opinion on which, they acted was wrong. His Lordship observed that, withb one exception, all the items objected to in the church-rate had always been in it from the year 1823 down to 1a54. From the year 1846, the subscription of 25. to the Society for the Protection of Life from Fire had been introduced, but, though that payment might be for thebenefit of 'those wh contributed to the church:-rate, lit could not properly be made out of the church-rate any more than it could now be made out of the poor-rate. The rate was consequently bad in point of law. With respect to the bone iqides of the defendants, hisLordship observed thatthey had always acted under the advice of the legal adviser of the parish, the vestry clerk; and his Lordship and the jury could not overlook the fact that one of the defendants was a publican and the other an upholsterer. Even this Court was sometimes terribly perplexed when they came to construe acts of Parliament like the one in question; one judge sometimes differed from another, and sometimes one' Court from another Court. The jury could therefore hardiy infer malice from the fact that the defendants had put a wrong construction on the act. The jury found their verdict for the defendants, on the ground that it was not proved that they had acted mali- A verdict was then entered for the defendants on the general issue; and for the plaintiff on the other issues.
I COURT OF COMfON PT,.AS_ W 'CTT.rT.'Tm .TTn IA LO1ER V. DAVIDSON. (Sittings at Nis! Prius, after Term, before iifr. Justice This was an action for an infrirgement of copyright in a musical composition of the plaintiff, called " The Lowbacked Car." The defendant pleaded a denial of the copyzight and that the plaintiff was the proprietor of it. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Ogle appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Bovill, Q.C., and MIr. Quain for the defendant. It appeared from the opening speech of the plaintiff's counsei, aud from the evidence, that the plaintiff is a gentleman much distinguished for his literary and musical compositions, and who has recently been honoured with a pension by Her Majesty as their reward. Defendant is the publisher in aondon of abook called 27,e Musical Trcasury, and in 1846 he published, with slight alterations, the plaintiff7s composition called "The low-backed Car" in his Mutsical X eusuery, and has since continued to sell the.piece of music with the words. This was the piracy complained of, the plaintiff proving that he adapted the music from an old Irish melody, called "The Jolly Ploughman," which was originally published in Buntin~g's Collectwn of O7d Ir7sh Husic, in 1840; that he had improved the air and written a new symphony for it, and that the words were his ovwn, and original. He left this country for America in 1846, and on the 7th of December, 1846, he published and registered his copyright in America, and afterwards sold it there to a publisher - and, by arrangement with his publishers in London, ubliseied and entered his copyright on the same day in ondon. Mr. BoviaL, for the defendant, objected, first, that the entry of the copyright at Stationer's-hall and the declaration claimed copyright in the whole composition; and on the evidence a part of it was not new; that the song had been publicly sung in America two days before the entry of the copjright was registered in America; that Mr. lover had sold the copyright in America, and was iiot the proprietor of it when this actionxf-Wa-commenced ; and that Mr. Lover had made no entry at Sttioners'-haIl within the meaning of the stat-ute to entitle him to bring the present action. I'he entry had been made by his publishers, and not by him, with no declaration by him as required and no description of his residence, and the subsequent entry made sunder a judge's order bore date the 15th of March, 1855, after the publication by the defendant. His Louihsmrs said, he should overrule these objections. and direct the verdict to be entered for the plaintig reserving leave to Mr. Bovill to make what he could of the l jections he had tken before the Court in Banco, and giving the plaintiff leave to amend his declaration if he thought right. Verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 40s.
COURT OF EXCIIEOfR .TTn-r 14 THE ALTTOILNEY-GENERAL V. AIRC1AND. (Sitings at NWis! Prius. before -th CHIEp B-Ant. and a Special Jur2l.1 T'he Attorney-General, Mr. Watson, MIr. Wlilde, and Mr. Cleasby were counsel for the Crown; Mr. Edwin James, Mr. Overend, and Mr. Kingdon appeared for the defendant. This was an information charging the defendant with having been concerned with one Andr6 in iUegaUy attempting to introduce a vast quantity of foreign watches into this country, and evade the duty thereon. It appeared that Andr6 was engaged in the act of smuggling the watches in question on board a Hamburg steamer in October last, and would have succeeded in his object but for a sudden fright caused by the unex;pected return of the officer to the ship, in consequence of which he unloaded his conscience and person at the same time, and made known to the officer his possession of nearly 400 Swiss watches, which were ingeniously quilted into an inner waistcoat and belt. For this offence an informa.tion was laid against him, and on the trial a verdict passed for the Crown for very largepenalties, which, as he could not pay, led to his incarceration. While in prison Andr6 disclosed to the authorities the name of the present defendant, who is an importer of watches, as that of the principal, professing only to have acted as his agenqt. Accordingly this information was laid against Marchand, and in support of it Andre and his wife swore to the employment of the former by the defendant and the supply of the waistcoat and belt by Madame Maxchand, as well as the allowance of Ll. per week to Andr6 by the defendant and the providing of the means for the defence. In confirmation of this evidence M. Gallet, the Swiss maker of watches, proved that the very watches seized on Andr6's person had been consigned by him to the man from whom Andr6 had obtainedthem at Hamburgby the direction of the defendant, with whom he (Gallet) had dealt in that way for 10 years. At the close of the case for the Crown, Mr. JAmEs said, there was a point beyondwhich it ceased to bethe duty of counsel to contest the case. Withthe concurrence of his learned friends, he now begged to intimate that he would submit to a verdict for the Crown. A verdict was accordingly taken for the Crown; the single value of the watches being taken to be 1,1701. SECOND COURT. (SitUings at iie PFrius, before Mr. Baron 3MsaTIrN and Common Juries.) MITSON V. BARnETr. Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hughes for the defendant. This action was brought to recover compensation in damages for an injury sustained by the plaintiff's wife, in consequence of the alleged negligence of the defendant. The defendant pleaded "N ot Guilty." It appeared that the plaintiff was a jouarneyman cooper, Eving m Bunhill-row, and the defendant was a mnanufacturer of artificial flowers, in the same neighbourhood. About 9 o'clock one night in April, 1855, the plaintiff's wife was. going along the street, and when she came opposite the defendant's shop she partly fell into a circular hole in the pavement, used for putting coals inro the cellar. It subsequently appeared that two boys were putting coals into the cellar, and had left to get another sack, without covering up the hole. The plaintiff had received severe injuries, and was laid up for a considerable period., The defence was, that the plaintiff had not used proper care in going along the street, as there was a light close to the hole, and the boys had called out to her to mind where she was going.' The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 51.
EXCOIEQOURR OTTA IR_T? GESLER V. CAPPERT (Sittings in Error.-.Pesent-Barons ALDErsoN, MARTIN a and BRAMWNELL, and JUStiCes IIGHTMAN, EXRL, and CROMPTON. Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Bovill for the defendant. This was an action upon a charter party. Upon the trial the jury found for the plaintiff; but, upon the case coming before the Court of Common Pleas, the real question was upon the translation of a Norwegian word, and the Court. upon that entered a nonsuit. This was an appeal from that decision. The CouIT stopped the argument, and affirmeed the decision of ,the Court elow, as it was, in truth, a question of fact, and therefore there was no appeal. Judgment affirmed. The Court adjourned to Tuesday week, to deliver judgments. CONSISTORY COURT, SATURDAY, JUiE 14. (Before Dr. LUJS GTON.) The business was proformd only.
ADMIRAITY COURT,S.TunDAY. JuNE 14. TIE LMANGERTON COLLISION. (Before Dr. LusHnNiToN-1 I'hls was a suit promoted by the ship Josephine Willis against the screw steamship Mangerton, to recover for a total loss occasioned by reason of a collision between them about 8 p.m. on the 3d of February last. The general facts connected with this fearful collision have so frequently been laid before the public that it is unnecessary to repeat them ; we shall therefore limit our report to the only question at issue before this Court- -namely, which vessel was the wrong doer. The libel given in by the Josephine Willis alleged that she was of the burden of 786 tons, and at the time in question was boundfrom London for Auckland. inNewZealand, with a valuable cargo of general merchandise and about 65 passengers. The pilot having left the vessel offDeal, the chief mate took charge of the deck, and at sunset a bright signal lamp, showing threelights-namely, abrightlightinthefront, a green one on the starboard side, and a red one on the port side-was fastened on the bowsprit, where it continued burning brightly until extinguished by the collision. At 7'50 oOx . Folkestone-pier-head Light was visible N. by W., distant about four miles, the ship going at the rate of seven knots an hour. Throughout the whole evening the atmosphere was clear overhead and starlight, but hazy upon the water, and to about half-mast high. The master remained on deck superintending the navigation of the ship until 8 o'clock, when he went into the cuddy to examine his chart. At that time John Sheen, one of the lookout men, reported, "Light a head on the starboard bow," whereupon the chief mate also made out a light a head apparently about half a point on the starboard bow, but so indistmnct that neither of them could ascertain what light it was. The wind was S.S.E. or S. by B., and the course of the vessel was WVS.W. The mate, knowing that the ship was w,ithin the radius at which Dungeness Light ought to become visible, conceived it to be that light, and ordered the man at the wheel to starboard the helm, with the view of opening the land, and so preventing the ship from being embayed by getting too close in on a lee shore. In consequence of the helm being starboarded the ship came up from W.S.W. to S.W%V. by W., at which point her hselm was steadied, and she lay one point nearer to the wind than she had done before the light was made out. About one minute afterwards it appeared for the first time that the light taken for Dungeness Light was the masthead light of the Mangerton, distant about half-a-mile. Her green light was then well open from three to four points on the starboard bow of the Josephine Willis, and she was approaching rapidly in a direction to pass well, clear and astern. The Josephine *illis was kept steadily on her course, in the full expectation that the steamer would also be kept on her course, and so pass well to starboard and astern; instead, however, of that being done the henlm of the steamer was suddenly, and when too late' put to port. A collision being then inevitable the helm of the Joseplhine Willis was put hard down, in order to throw her up into the wind and ease the blow. The steamer was loudly hailed, but without any apparent effect; and in about six or eight minutes after the masthead light had been sighted, and in about two minutes after her coloured lighs had heen seen, she ran at great Fpeed. with her helm hard a-port, stem on, and cut into and buried both her bows in the starboard side of the Josephine Willis. The master of the latter finding that his ship was fast filling, ordered everything on deck convertible to the pm-pose of keeping persons afloat in the water to be thrown overboard, in order that some of those still on board might thereby escape drowning; very shortly after which the Josephine Willis went down with everything on board her. By far the greater part of the passengers and crew, including the master, went down in or were drowned in trying to escape from the ship. The Josephine Willis imputed the collision solely to those on board the steamer, for having Eorted her helm when too late, and for not keeping clear of Eer, as she was bound to do and could easily have done. The Mangerton, in her defensive plea, alleged that she was of the burden of 363 tons, with engines of 130-horse power. She left Limerick on the 30th of January, bound for London, with instructions to touch at Plymouth, having on board a general cargo and between 30 and 40 passengers. After discharging part of her cargo at Plymouth, she proceeded on her voyage, and at the time of the collision had the usual lights of a steamer burning brightly. When off Folkestone, and distant therefrom about six miles, and proceeding at the rate of between seven and eight knots an hour, steering a course B. by N. l N.. with the wind blowing a fresh breeze from about S. 1. by E., the weather dark and rather hazy below, but clear above,, a light was reported, distant about a mile and a-half, which was at first taken for the South Foreland Light. In about two minutes it suddenly disappeared, wheseupon the helm was put to port, and the course of the steamer altered to E. by N. In three or four minutes the light was again seen. distant about a quarter of a aile, one point on the - port bow. The helm was immediately put to port and hard to port. and the course thereby altered four points, namely, to S.E. and by E. The master and chief officer of the steamer having heard the orders to port the helm-ran upon deck, and, after repeating them, ordered the engines to be stopped, which was instantly done. The Josephine Willis, however, by reasin of having starboarded her helm, came across the bow of the steamer, thereby causing her with her port bow to strike the Josephine Willis between her main and forerigging on her starboard side. The port bow of the steamerwas stove in to the water's edge. and the fore compartment began to fill with water. The master, being apprehensive that she was settling down by the head, gave directions to have the cargo shafted, and, by burning blue lights and letting off rockets, obtained assistance from the shore, and the leakage to a certain extent was stopped. The steamer, after losing sight of the Josephase Willis by her having gone down, proceeded slowlyto the Downs. She attributed the collsion to the Josephine WVillis having mistaken her light for Dnngeness Light, and thereupon putting her helm to starboard, and to her not having exhibited a light within the intent and meaning of the. Admiralty regulations.' A cross action was entered by the Mangerton. Dr. Addams and Dr. TwLss were heard for the Josephine Willis; Dr. Robinson and Dr. Bayford for the Mfangerton. The learned JuiGH inquired of the Elder Brethren whether they were of opinion that the Josephine Wilis was to blamefor the collisionin starboardingher helm upon an of the three occasions on which she was stated in the: evidence to have done so; whether she ought not to have. ported her helm at some time under the circumstances re. presented in the case; and whether the light which she carried wasin accordance with the -requirements of the act of Parliament? With respect to the Mangerton,-did she port her helm in due time as soon as she was able to descry the Josephine Willis, and do it so effectuaUy that there would have been no collision if the Josephine Willis had performed her part? The learned Judge and the Elder Brethren having been occupied nearly half an hour in private consultation, Dr. LUSxGTOY.Z said; the Elder Brethren were of' opinion that the Josephine Willis was to blame in not porting her helm when the red light of the steamer was seen,. an that she did not exhibit a light conformable to the Admiralty regulations. The omission to do that contributed to occasion the collision. Had a proper light been exhibited in due timne the Mangerton would have had earlier notice, and might have ported sooner or. stopped her engines at an earlier period. The llangerton was not toblanie. Decrce in favour of the Mangerton in both actions.
INSOLVRTT D-EBTOBS COUBT, June 14. lN R}: PRANIrn RTI yp Rn - -r- (Beforc Afr. CPnt .ni ,. TPTlT.T.TP A This insolvent, a young mnan, aged 24, applied for his discharge, which was opposed by several creditors. The debts in the schedule exceeded 20,0001., and the insolvency was attributed to losses upon hbp growing at Correnden Farm near Eadlowr, Xeut. The insolvent's wife had been a ward in Chancery, and he had exiecuted, by order of the Court of Chancery, a post-nuptial settlement, whereby theladys property, producing 6501. per annum, was settled upon herself. The case occupied nearly the whole day, and was not concluded when the Court rose at 4 o'clocke -
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Saturdae,.Tune 14. (Before Mr. CREAsY.) Solomon Hyams, a middle-aged man, surrendered to take his trial on an indictment in which he was charged with indecently assaulting Catherine Samuels, a girl 11 years of age. Mr. Payne appeared for the prosecution, at the insta-ace of theSociety ortheXRescueof YoungWomenandChildren; Mr. Ribten appeared for the prisoner. After a lengthened inquiry, the jury found the prisoner Guilty. Mr. CIEASY, with indignation, said he never met with a more disgusting case, and it was difficult to conceive conduct more base than the prisoner had been guilty of. He then sentenced the prisoner to hard labour for 10 calendar months. James Gibbons, a plasterer, was indicted for having assaulted Elizabeth Miller with intent. &C. Mr. Sleigh appeared for the prosecution; Mfr. Ribton for the prisoner. The jury, after about an hour 's absence, returned a verdict of Not Guilty.
POLICE. GUILDHALL.-Saturday was appointed for the hearing a number of siimmons taken out by Inspector Hamilton against about 20 different persons, for unlawfUlly using and allowing to be used certain houses in the city: of london for thepurpose of betting upon certain events and contingencies relating to horse races, whereby they severally incurred a pena1ty not exceeding 100Z., or, in, default not exceeding six months' imprisonment, with or without hard labour, in the discretion of the magistrate Sir R. W. CARDEN presided. Mr. Charles Pearson, the City Solicitor, attended to conduct the prosecution. James Merry appeared to answer the complaint that he unlawfully used a certain room in his occupation for the purposes of betting. Mr. Robinson, the barrister, appeared for the defendant. Sir R. W. CARDEN said, this was a very important in-vstigation, and it was intended to uphold an act of Parliianient passed for suppressing a most pernicious practice of betting or gaming. He did not agree with Mr. Robinson int his remarks upon policefor the manner inwhih they had given their evdence, as he could not perceive any discrepancy in their statements. They were the best witnIsses, becausethey were disinterested persons, the remlations notallowing them the moiety of the penalty usunl. awarded to common informers uaider the same circumstancae; cThe case before him had been clearly' proved, and he therefore inrdicted the penalty of 20. upon the defendant, or, imn default of payment of the fine, twomonths' imprisonment. Mr. R>obinson said he should appeaL Sir R. W. Cnnx?r said, in that case the defendant must put in bail in two sureties of 40L. each, and enter into his ownrecogfnizances inSt07. tot of the peal at the sessions,. appear in so of the ap- James Thomas Hinton, the landlord of the Sun and I ast, NTewgate-market, appeared in answer to a s ummons for unlawfuly permitting a room in his house to be used for the purpose of betting, &o., on the 2d-of June. Sir e. W. CAxssv said, he -considered the case clearly proved, and inflicted a penalty of0 oer two months' imprisonment, MOr. Lewis then gave notice of appeal against the decison. James Hunter, of the Magpie and Stmp, 118, Newgatestreet, was charged with using a room for betting;* but the City Solicitor withdrew the ammEns,and also in the case1of Richard Porter, who was chargedwith using Mr. Hunter's room for the purpose of betting. The summonsoa against John Harper, of the ohite Swan, 1S, sarringdon-atreet, for knowinglypermittingbettingin a room in his house, was dismissed. Several other summons were notheard in consequence of the police not having been able to ascertain the correct Christian names; they accordingly stood over until that information could be obtained. tIhen several eummons where the Christian name was obtamsed, and the defendants did not appear, warrants were issued. WEST3nSTEB.-On Saturday Mr. H. Bliss, of NTo. 17, Bentenek-street, Manchester-square, appeared before Mr. P.YXTESS, to a summons in which he was charged by Mr. Crow, inspector of the Board of Works for the district of St. Margaret's, Westminster, with suffering a nuisance on premises of which he is the landlord, situate in St. Ermuin's- iU, Wesminetr, and which was a nuisance to the inhabitants of theneighbourhood. Mr. Bliss did not attnd, hut his secretary attended for bins. The inspector stated that there were 10 houses in St. ormin's-hill which were in a most dangerous and filthy state. They were unfit for any one to reside in. He had spoken to the medical officer, who went to the spot, and has declared the housesRuntenantable. The secretary said that the Dean and Chapter of Westminter were the freeholders, and that there was a decision expected from the Court of Chancery in respect to the property. Mr. Psertary observed, that years might elapse before the Court would come to a decision. The nuisnce ought to be immediately removed. The secretary said it was intended to take down the houses. The inspector stated that there was much fever in the neighbourhood, arising from the many nuisances in it from the same cause. He should have to summon the defendant for 10 houses in an adjoining locality. Mr. PAYIiTER said, he should issue an order for the cleansing and whitewashing the houses, and for ma ing suchnecessry alterations as would remove the nuisance. He asked what would probably be the expenSe? The secretary observed, about 1501. Mr. Plar otiu .-The bettoer course would, then, be to pull down the houses and to rebuild others. The order was then isaned. Tnn Es.-Jobn Duggan, a coalwhipper, was charged with assaulting John Dwyer, another coalwhipper, and with biting his nose off, by which he had been seriously injuredefor life. It appeared that prosecutor, who presented a shockig apperance, went on Fariday evening into a publichouse where D fuggan was, and some words ensued, which came to blows. In the struggle the prisoner seized Dwyer by the neck, and having got his face close to his own suddenly hit a large portion of cpnose of, and the landlord of the nublic house saw it drop on the floer, and picked it up and conveyed the wounded man to the hospital, and Duggan was followed and given into cutody. Duggan said in defence that Dwyer fastened his tseth in his bosom, and that he nipped his nose off in return. The MAGISTRATE said, the act was that of a savage and atrocious ruffian, and committed the prisoner for trial. SoUThrnwAR1s.Jane Beagen was brought before Mr. Colave for final examination, for stealing a box containing 30 sovereigns, fivewatehes, six silver spoons, some pearl earnags, and several deeds, the property of a widow named ElizalPow4ll at 51, lKing-street, Cornwall-road; and George Bragen, her husband, a compositor on the Mining Jouxn, Alfred Beagen. and Elizabeth Beagen were charged with receiving the property, well knowing it to be stolen. Mr. 7cale appeared for the male prisoners; and Mr. Solomona for the teroale. It appeared from the evidence given at great length that Jane Beagen and her husfandlodged in the same house with Mrs. Powell, who, on Wednesday afternoon, the 4th inst., had the box contanming all her property tuder her bed when she fell asleep, after drinking with Jane Beagen all the morning. About S o'clock at night the latter was seen to leave Mrs. Powell's honse with something like a box under her arm by Elizabeth Caster, a laundress, and a charwoman who at times worked for the prosecutrix. They entered the room of the latter and roused her up, when the box and contents were missed. Jane Beagen, on her return home, was given into cutody. It was afterwards ascertained by Curtis, 78 Is that the two male prisoners received the box that same night from her, and they took it and left it at the nouse of Mr. Son-xden, acompositor in Grey-street. About 6 o'clock the following morning they both came and fetched it away. The father of the prisoners, a very respectable old gentleman residing at Camden-square, Camberwell, with whom Ajfred lodged, said that he came home on Thursday mOrning with his tool-basket and placed it in the washhouse. He afterwards went to his bedroom, and while in. the yard his sister Elizabetlir-a respectable young lady living with the old gentleman, opened the baskset and found it to contain a hex, wrapped up in p She showed it to her father, and on opening it they found it to contain some deeds only. The father asked Alfred wghere be got the box, wnen he rephed, "Fyrom George, in the Cornwall-road," and he then left the house. The father retained she box until the evening, when he gave it up to Curtis, who called7 about tae robbery. Alfred was then taken into custody, and 17 sovereigns found on him, and aday or two afterw ards George w easapprehededtutfiabeth,ltt puttinexny-UftThllleiSsE foud n hs oxroofthe watches, thesilrerspoons,'andearrings, and, having seep a report of her brother's ex a- tion in the paper, she forwardedathem by Parcel Delivery Company t Mer. brothe. She attended the last examina I ion to advise her brother to speak the trnth, when she was, unfortanately, taken inti custody. Mr Combe ordered her to be discharged, considering that sle, as well as herfather, had acted fairly and honestly in the whole transaction, but as for the others, he should commit them for trial; It was, in fact, a very heartless robbery. - Charles Arnold, a fashionably dressed man, with: lrge, dark, bushy whiskers, who formerly carried on business as a cheesemonger in Iondon, wsn brought before Mr. ComsB, in the custody of Henry Hunt, 34 M, charged with obtain. ing 60 firkins of butter from Messrs. Webb, wholesale -butteramerchants, Southwark, under false and fraudulent pretences, he being at that t-ie a bankrupt. Jr. Binns appeared for the prisoner. The case was about to be proceeded with, when Mr. Chidley, the solicitor to the official assignee of the Ceourt of Bankruptcy, stated that be had only justreceived information of the prisoner's anprehension on the charge of fraud. Ee- had a more serioiis charge against him-that of not surrendering to his bankruptcy. He was declared a bankrapt in October last, and ought to have surrendered in November. He had neglected to do so, therefore he was liable to be dealt with as a felon under the 251st clause of the Bankrupt JAw Consolidation Act, passed in 1849, which renderedhim guiltyof felony, and the punishment was not less than seven years' transportation, or imprisonment not exceeding seven years. He therefore should proceed with that charge agaist him MIr. Binns objected to that course. There wras nothing of {hat hind-on the charge sheet against-him. Mr. COMBE thought that it would be advisable to drop the charge of fraudulently obtaining the butter and proceed with the other charge, but, as he ought to-have surrendered at Basinghall.street, he could not entertain it. HIe must be discharged from this courtt if the fraud was not proceeded with. Mr. Webb withdrew his charge, and the prisoner ws t!aken into custody again and conveyed by Hunt to the city for further examination under the BankrUptcy laws. I LAn'rET-Az Irish gentleman, whose name did not transpire, applied to the Hon. GI. C. NO~rOie for his advice and assistance under the following eircumstances:- The applicant said that on Thursday Laist, in returning from .Ascotraces, a friend eand himself, fmnding all the first. class carriages full, got into a second-class compartment, and, were inmediately followed by three well:dressed men of respectable appearance. A s soon as-the train began to move on itsjourney to town, one of the men produced a shawl which he placed on his knees, and commenced shuffling a pack of cards. He then placed three of the cards on the shawl in such a way as apparently to expose each and offered to bet that no one pomnted out the Queen of Spades. His offers induced hini (applicant) to bet until he lost all the money he had about him, which was 41. l0s., and his friend also lost 21. A "gentleman" who sat by his side not only urged him (applicant) to eontinue to bet, but offered.to lend him any sum he required to play with. From this personhle borrowed 25., and went on betting until all was gone ;- so that inml he lost 29l. 10s. Nr. NTonrON.-Did you find out who and what the gen. -tleman was who lent you the money? Applisant.-No, Sir;- he was a perfect stranger to me. Blr- 1ORRToN.-Then, have you peaid him the money he lentyon ? Applicant.-Yes; I took him home to my lodgings and gave him a 201. and a 51.-note. - Mr. NORTOX.-It is rather a pity you did, for there can bebhutlittle doubt that he was one of the sharpers, and therefore, if refused, could not hav minsisted on having the money back. n Applcant.-One of the men won 401. from the player; infect, won every time he played, while I only won once, -and that was the iirst time. Mr. NORTON.-Yes, that was just to draw you on. The persons who were allowed to win were doubtless confederates. Had they been strangers as You were, they would have shared the same fate. Vhat do you want me -to do for you? Applicant.-I have no doubt, Sir, that the parties were cheats, and that I have been plundered of my money. Mr. Bent, the inspector at the railway, knows the parties. Mr. NORTOw.-There can be no doubt you have been cheated of the money, but you cannot possibly be in better hands than those of Inspector Bent. Tellhimyonhavebeen here, and he will do what is necessary. - The applicaut thanked his Worship and departed.
THE BAPTISM OF THE IMPERIAL PRINCE. (mrnPr nTTR owN CORRFSPONiF.N-T- PARIS, SATUiD.mY, JuNE 14. The baptism of the Imperial Prince was celebrated to-day at half-past 5 o'clock p.m. in the church of Notre Dame. A salute of artillery, fired at 6 o'clock this morning, announced that this was the day fixed for the ceremony, and at 2 o'clock all the avenues leading to the cathedral were occupied bv she Imperial Guard, under the command of General Reggnaud de St. Jean d'Angely. The Master of the Ceremonies also arrived at an early hour to superintend the execution of the programme and tlle placing of the persons invited, who began to enter the church at half-past 2. A porch was erected in front of the principal entrance for the arrival and departure of the carriages, and two wings in the form of tents covered the two side gates. On the square of the pxarris stood two high masts carrying banners wvith the armorial bearings of the Empire. Two other masts, with similar colours, were placed at the entrance of the Rue d'Arcole, and hvo large banners floated on the top of the towers. The square was sanded and strewn over with flowers and foliage. In the interior of the cathedral, in the centre of the transept, rose a platform, six steps above the pavement of the church, closed by a railing, with an opening on the side of the nave. On that stage were placed the altar, three steps higher, at the entrance of the sanctuary; the throne of the Emperor and Empress, three steps higher, opposite the altar; the baptismal fonts, one step higher, between the altar and throne; the throne of the Cardinal Legate a Latere, two steps highre, at the entrance of the sanctuary, facing the altar and throne of their .Majesties, with seats on each side for two canons of Notre Dame, who assisted his Eminence zmd the prelates attached to his legation. In the centre of the sanctuary, behind the throne of the Cardinal Legate, were seats reserved for the archbishops and bishops inivited to the ceremony, .and wvho are to be each accompanied by a single assistanlt. To. the left, on the stage, wvere an armnchair, one step high, for the Archbishop, and taboret.s for the titular menmbers of the metropolitan chapels. To the right and left of the fonts were two tables covered with cloths. The right table wasdestined to receive the honnieurs (the chrism, &-c.#for the baptism are thus termed) of the godfather and goclmother, and the left one those of the ImperialPrince. Next to this last table was an nirm2chair, on wvhich wvas to be deposited the mantle of the Imperial Prince dxuing the ceremony. Another table, covered also with a cloth, was placed at the entrance of the nave to receive the hltnneurs of the godfather, godmother, and child, as well as the mantle of the Imperial Prince, before the arrival of the coirtfe. This table was committed to the care of four Cent Gardes. Seats, with cushions, were drawn up to the right and left of the throne-namely, on the Emperors right for the Imperial Prince, borne by the Governess of the Children of France, behind which sat the under-governesses and the nurse. On the right of the Imperial Prince, for the Grand Duchess of Baden, who represents the godmother, and Prince Oscar of Sweden and Norway; for Prince Jerome Napoleon, Prince Napoleon, Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte, Prince Lucien 3Iurat, Prince- Joseph Bonaparte, Prince Joachim Murat, the DLde of Hamilton and the ladies bearing the lLotti ci'rs of the Godfather and Godmother. To the left of the Empress, for Princess MIathilde, the Grand Ducal Princess Marie Duchess of Hamilton, Princess Lucien Murat, and the ladies bearing the honnte i ws of the Imperial Prince. To the left of the altar, on the Gospel side, were seats for the Cardinals. Stools -were placed on the right of the Imperial throne for the Mlinisters; on the left, for tne Marshals, Admirals, high functionaries, and a deputation of the Grand Crosses of the Legion of Eonour, to whom their functions assign no other rank. A canopy, with purple velvet hangings lined with ermine, was suspended above the throne of their 21ajesties. Another canopy, without hangings, covered the throne of the Cardinal Legate. A space was reserved at the foot of the stage for the prebendas- canons of the Chapter of the Church of Paris, the titular canons of the Imperial Chapter of St. Denis, the honorary canons of the same chapter, and the grand vicars, or chaplains accompanying the Cardinals or parish priests of Paris. One of the chapels of the choir was fitted up as a chamber for the Imperial infant. On both sides of the stage were raised two amnphitheatres, occupyinig each one of the arms of the transept. The right one-destined to the members of the Corps Diplomatique, to the Ambassadors and -Ministers of the Emperor to foreign Governments, present in Paris, and to the members of the Senate. The left one was for the Deputies and the Counclllors of State. Other galleries, erected in the choir, in the aisles, and the superior gallery, were reserved to foreign princes, to the ladies of the Corps Diplomatique, the Ministers, Presidents of the Senate, of the Iegislative body, and the Council of State; the Marshals, Admirals, and high dignitaries of the State. Seats were likewise reserved in those galleries for the members of the family of the Emperor who hold no specific rank at Court. From the porch to the tramsept extended, on both sides, galleries for deputations of the Court of Cassation, the Court of Accounts, the Imperial Council of Public Instruction, the Institute of France, the Imperial Court of Paris, the Central Council of the Reformed Churches, the Consistory of the Reformed Clurch of Paris, the President of the Superior Consistory of the Augsburg Confession, the Central Consistory of the Israelites, the Tribunal of First Instance, the Tribunal of Commerce, the justices of peace of Paris, the commissaries of police, the Chamber of Commerce, the Coumcil of Prud' Hommes, the Imperial corps of Engineers and MIiners, the functionaries and Professors of the Imperial Schools, the Ponts et Chaussees. Mines, Naval Engineering, the Polytechnic and Special Mlilitary Schools, theProfessolsof the College of France, the Presidents and Professors of the Sciiool of Eastern living languages, the Profes- sors of the MIusciun of Natural IHistory, the Imperial Academy of M-ledicine, the Director and members of the Imperial Conservatory of Arts and Trades, the Professors of the School of Fine Arts, the Council of Advocates of the Court of Cassation and Council of State, the notaries of Paris, the solicitors of the Imperial Court, those of the Tribunal of First Instance, the vgeits (le cha;)ge, the Secretaries-General of linistries, the Iispectors-General, the functionaries of the prefectures of the Seine and Police, and the administration of the Legion of Honour, &c. Places were reserved in front of the galleries of the nave for the Prefects of the Seine and Police; a deputation of the grand officers of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Hlonour; the members of the Council of the Prefecture; the Mayor and DeputyTIayoqg of Paris; the Mlayors of the capitals of the 2i depa tnments of France and of the city of Algiers; thle .Sub-Prefects of Scealx and St. Denis; the Prefect oL Versailles; the staff of the National Guard; the staff of the MAEinisters of War and MIarine; the Board of Admiralty; the staff of the Invalides; the G,eneral officsr of the garrison; of the Corps of Reserve; the -staff of- the Imperial Guard, and of the Commander-in-Chief of the army of Paris, anq of the old officers of the army of Napoleon . The upper galleries were occupied by the persons providedwith tickets for the ceremony, and specially invited. At half-past 4 o'clock the Cardinal Legate left the Tuileries for Notre Dame, with a cortege composed of three Court carriages, following the same line of march as the Imperial corMge. Two squadrons of the 12th Regiment of Chasseurs, with the colonel and band, opened the march; next came a carriage drawn by six horses, containing three persons of the Legate's suite and the Prefect of the Palace of the Emperor; a second carriage, also with six horses, three other persons of the Legate's suite, and a chamberlain of the Emperor, two Imperial outriders; and the third cairiage drawn by eig,ht horses, in which was seated the Cardinal Legate, an equerry of the Emperor riding on the right, and, on the left, a captain of Dragoons of the escort. Two squadrons of the 11th Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by a chief of squadron, closed the march. On his arrival at Notre Dame the Cardinal was received by the Archbishop of Paris at the head of his chapter, and conducted to his throne. Their Majesties on arriving alighted at he great gate of Notre Dame, and were received at the entrance of the church by the Archbishop of Paris, the assistant Bishop, and the honorary members of the MIetropolitan Chapter. After having paid their devotions at the high altar they were conducted to the prie-dieu beneath a canopy borne by canons The cortege, according as the persons arrived at the church, advanced in the following order:- The Assistants of the Ceremonies. 3Masters of the Ceremonies. Equerries of the Emperor. Prefect of the Palace on duty. The Chamberlains of the Empress and Emperor on duty. The principal Grand Huntsman. The principal Equerry. The First Chamberlains of the Empress and Emperor. The Adjutant-General of the Palace. The General Commanding the Imperial Guard. The Grand Master of the Ceremonies. The Grand Huintsman. The Grand Chamberlain. The Grand Master of the Palace. The wax taper for the ceremony was borne by the Countess Montebello, Lady of the Palace; the chrism cloth by the Baroness Montaut, Lady of the Palace; the salt, by the Marchioness de la TourMKaubourg; the ewer by the Countess de LabedoyZre; the water-basin by the Countess de Rayneval ; the napkin by Mladame de Saulay. Immediately preceding the Imperial Prince came the Grand Duchess Stephanie, of Baden, representing the godmother (the Queen of Sweden), and his Royal Highness Prince Oscar, of Sweden and Norway. Then came the Imperial Prince, carried in the aums of the Governess of the Children of France, and wearing a rich mantle lined with ermine; to his right and left were the under-Governesses and the nurse ; the Emperor and the Empress undera canopy. The Empress's train was borne by her Equerries. Behind the canopywere the Princes and Princesses of the Imperial family, the Princes and Princesses of the Emperos family holding rank at the Court, the Grand Master and Grand Mistress of the Empress's household and the Principal Almoner, the Lady of Honour and the Ladies of the Empress on duty, the -Marshals of France, the General Commanding-inChief, the National Guard of the Seine, the Emperor's Aide-de-Camp on duty and the other Aides-deCamp of the Emperor; the Marshal of the Court, and the Lady of Honour of her Imperial and Royal Highness the Grand Duchess of Baden; the Chevalier d'1Honneur, and the Ladies of her Imperial Highness the Princess Mathilde, as also the Aide-de-Camp of the Princes; the orderly officers of the Emperor, and the Captain Commandant of the Squadron of the Cent-Gardes, and the officers of their Imperial Highnesses. On reaching the prie-dciez, the whole of the cortiye preceding their Majesties drew up in two lines to the right and left. The Princes and Princesses stood to the right and left of the p)ie-dieu abovementioned. To the right of the Emperor the Imperial Prince was held in the arms of the Governess, and, to the rear,werethe sub-Governesses andnurse. To the right of the Prince were the Grand Duchess of Baden, as representative of the godmother, and Prince Oscar of Sweden. To the right of these were their Imperial Highnessess Prince Jerome Napoleon, Prince Napoleon, their Highnesses Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte, and Prince Lucien Murat, Prince Joseph Bonaparte, Prince Joachim Murat, his Grace the Duke of Hamilton, and the Ladies bearing the hoi?eis of the Godfather and Godmother. To the left of the Empress were her Imperial Highness the Princess Mathilde, the Princess Miary Duchess of Hamilton, the Princess Bacciocchi, Princess Lucien M1urat, Princess Joachim rnMurat, and the Ladies bearing the ho.ntcz ins of the Imperial Prince. The Grand Mistress of the Empress's Household, and the Ladies in WVaiting on duty, as well as the Ladies of the Palace not on duty, stood behind the Empress. Behind these stood the Lady of Honour of the Grand Duchess of Baden, and the Ladies of the Princess AMathilde. The Grand Master of the Ceremonies stood at the right, a little in advance of the prie-diev of the Emperor, having on his right a lMaster and Assistant of the Ceremonies. The other MIaster and Assistant of the Ceremonies were placed on the opposite side. The principal Almoner of the Emperor stood at the right of the prie-diev, behind the Grand Mlaster, and held the Prayerbook of the Emperor, which he delivered to him at the commencement of the ceremony. The Empress's Prayerbook was held by the Grand Mistress of the Household. The Grand lIarsha1 of the Palace and the other great officersof the Household, as well as the General commanding the Imperial Guard, Aides-de-Camp, orderly officers, &c., stood behind their Majesties in the order of their rank. The officers of the Household, not on duty, had arrived at the chiurch before their Majesties. The clergy, who met their Majesties at the entrance, resumed their places respectively in the order already mentioned. The Cardinal Legate descended from histhrone, stoodbefore the altar, and chanted the Veini Crcator, which was executed by a full orchestra. During the performance of the Veit Creato the ladies bearing the chrism, &c., preceded by a Mlaster and Assistant of Ceremonies, advanced towards the prie-dicu, made obeisance to their Mlajesties, and proceeded to deposit the chrism, ewer, napkin, &c. on the credence tables near the altar. At the conclision of the Veni Ceeator the Master and Assistaint of Ceremonies bowed before the altar, and then to their Majesties, and advanced towvards the Cardinal Legate, who went to the entrance of the sanctuary, and there performed the rite of the Catechunens. The Cardinal Legate then conducted the Infant to the fonlt, and all the persons to the right and left of their Majesties and the Impelial Prince, and behind them, advanced in the same order as above. mentioned, ascended the estrade, and occupied thereon and along the steps the same places they held near the prie-dieu, with the exception of the Marshals, who occupied places reserved for them on the estrade. Their Mlajesties then seated themselves on the thronc; the Grand Mistress and the Ladies pf the Empress and of the Princesses sat on benches; and the officers not on duty stood in the nave behind the estrade. The Grand Duchess of Baden, as representative of the godmother, stood at the font. The Cardinal Legate then completed the ceremony of baptism according to the religious ceremonial, the Imperial Infant having been previously ondoye, or having received the baptismal water. This ceremony being concluded, the Grand Blaster of the Ceremonies made his obeisance to their MIajesties and the Imperial Prince. The Governess placed the Prince in the arms of the Empress, while an Assistant Mfaster of Ceremonies advanced to the middle of the choir and cried aloud three times " Vivo le Pritwe Impgrial !"-the Enpress standing all the time and holding the Prince up in her arms. The vilet was executed by a full orchestra. Then the Governess received the Infant from the hands of the Empress and made an obeisance to Her MIajesty. The Imperial Infant, borne by his Governess, with the sub-Governesses and nurse to the right and left, preceded by an Assistant and a MIaster of Ceremonies, an Equerry of the Emperor, the Pzefect of the Palace on duty, and four Chamberlains of the Emperor, and followed by an Aide-deCamp and an orderly officer of the Emperor, was conducted to the chamber prepared for him in a chapel of the choir. He was taken thence to the sanctuary, and lastly to the Palace of the Tuileries, with his cortge, consisting of three court carriages, preceded by a squadron of Guides, and followed by a squadron of the Cuirassiers of the Guard. In the first carriage, drawn by two horses, were two Chamberlains and the Prefect of the Palace. In the second, drawn by eight horses, the Imperial Infant, with his Governess, sub-Governesses, aild nurse. On the right rode an Aide-de-Camp and Equerry of the Emperor; on the left an orderly oflicer of the Emperor and a Captain of the escort of Cuirassiers. The third carriage, drawn by two horses, was occupied by two Chamberlains of the Emperor. When the Imperial Infant left, the Cardinal Leggate chanted the Ta Deurn, which was executed by the orchestra, as well as tho Dornine Salmoin. During the Te Deum the Archbishop of Paris, accompanied by the Cur6 of St. German l'Auxerrois (the parish of the Tuileries), presented for the signature of their Majesties the register containing the entry of baptism. The representatives of the sponsors and the other persons indicated by the Emperor also affixed their signatures. The pontifical benediction terminated this ceremony; it was bestowed in the most solemn manner by the Cardinal Legate, the Emperor and Empress kneeling at thep-ie-diezu. The Grand Master of Ceremonies then intimated to their Majesties the conclusion of the ceremony. *While they were at prayer the persons of the cwr&ge took their places in the nave. The Prince and Princesses advanced in front of the canopy of the Emperor and Empress, and entered their carriages berore their Majesties. The Archbishop of Paris, preceded by the Mletropolitan Chapter, conducted the Emperor and Empress to the gate of the church. Their Majesties thence proceeded by the Pont d'Arcole to the H6tel de Ville to partake of the banquet offered them by the city of Paris, and which takes place at half-past 7 o'clock. After the departure of the Emperor and Empress the Archbishop of Paris returned to the Sanctuary, paid his obeisance to the Cardinal Legate, andaccompaniedhisEminencetothegateofthechurch. The Cardinal Legate was conducted with the same ceremonial as on his arrival. The departure of their MIajesties from the Palace of the Tuileries, their arrival at Notre Dame, and their leaving it for the Hitel de Yille, were announced by salvoes of artillery. The Cathedral and the public buildings will be illuminated to-night. On Monday night the Emperor and Empress will be present at the ball givenL them by the city of Paris. To-morrow night the Cathedral and the public buildings will also be illuminated, and there will be a display of fireworks at 9 o'clock at two differeiit points of Paris. There were nearly S0 prelates, including Cardinals at the ceremony, among whom were three Irish Roman Catholic Bishops on their way from 1Rome. lmmense crowds thronged the way leading to the church; and the windows and balconies of the Rue de Rivoli and of the approaeh to NOtre Dame were filled with spectators. The Grand H6tel du Lourre and all the houses along the streets were deckled out with flags and streamers.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen, the Prince Consort, the Princess Royal, the Regent of Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia rodLe on horseback on Friday afternoon in Windsor Park. 1T. Levasseur had the honour of performing before Her Majesty and the Royal party in the evening. On Saturday morning her Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent, from Frogmore. and Prince Alfred, from the Royal Lodge, visitedthe Queen. The Duchess of Sutherland took leave in the forenoon. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, with the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, left WVindsor Castle with the Royal family on Saturday for London. In attendance -were Lady Macdonald, Lady Caroline Barrington, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, Hon. Mary Bulteel, Lord lvra~terparl,,Lieutenant-General Baron Schreek-enstein, Baron 3loltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen, Colo. nel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Maajor-Generalthe Hon. Charles Grey, Major-General Berkeley Drunimond, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, the Hon. Mortimer SackviR e West, Lieutenant do Schreckenstein, Dr. Ullman, and Mr. Gibbs. Her Majesty left the Castle at 10 minutes past 1 o'clock for the station of the Great Western Railway, at Windsor, where a guard of honour of the Grenadiers, with the band of the regiment, received the Queen with the usual honours. A special train conveyed the Queen, the Prince, the Regent, Prince Frederick William, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Arthur, Prince Leopold, and the Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa to Paddington, whlere the Royal party, with the ladies and gentlemen in waiting, entered nine of the Queen's carriages and proceeded to Buckinghamn Palace, wlhere they arrived at 10 minutes past 2 o'clock, and were received by the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Ernest Bruce, Lord George Lennox, and Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots FusileerGuards). A detachment of the 3d Light Dragoons formed the escort from the Paddington terminus to Buckingham Palace. Prince Albert, the Regentof Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia rode on horseback in the afternoon, attended by the Equerriesin Waiting, and visited the Royal Botanic Gardens in the Regent's Park. The Queen and the Prince Consort, with the Regent and Prince Frederick William, honoured the Royal Italian Opera, Lyceum, with their presence in the evening. The Royal suite consisted of Lady Macdonald, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, LordBvron, Baron Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia afterwards honoured with a visit the Prussian Mlinister and the Countess Bernstorff, at the residence of the Legation in Carlton-terrace. The Prince was attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Captain do Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, and Dr. Wegner. Yesterday Her Majesty and Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, the ladies and gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household attended divine service in the chapel of Buckingham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. The Regent of Badenand Prince Frederick William of Prussia were also present at the service. A deputation from the British Fishery Society, consisting of the Dukec of Sutherland, the Earl of Roseberry Sir Arcbibald Campbell, Bart., M.P.; Sir James Mackenzie, Bart., Mr. George Loch, Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. George Trafll, M3P., and the MacLeod of MacLeod, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday. A depoutation, consisting of Messrs. Fowler, Law;rence, and Whte, overseers of Lambeth, together with Mr. Clark, their clerk, had an interview with the flight Hion. B. P. Beuverne on Saturday at the office of the Poor Law Board, Whitehall, on the subject of certain disallowvances in their accounts. The Earl of Perth had an interview on Saturday with the Chancellor of the Exchequer at his official residence in Downing-street. Deepatches fromthe Governors of the West India colonies were received on Saturday at the Colonial-office. A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office. Present-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of JXarrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmiire, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right 13on. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right lon. M. T. Baines, and the Duke of Argyll. The Council sat three hours and threequarters.
NZAAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGhNCR. - Her Majesty's steam storeship Industry, Mr. G. H. K Bower, Master, R.N., commanding, arrived at Spithead on Saturday night from the Black Sea, laden with spoils from the late docks and yards of SebastopoL Sne left last evening for Deptford, to discharge her stores. Mr. Werxy, ViceConsul of Bengasi, and Commander Lacy, RN., late First7 Lieutenant of Her Majesty's ship Furious, were the only passengers by the Industry. Mr. Bower bas well earned some better reward for his long and arduous services than the command of such a ship as the Industry, and the pay he merely receives in that position. He was master of Sir Edmund Lyons's flagship Agamemnon from the time she left England until Sir Edmund conferred upon him his present aLppointment, and was present at every engagement during the war in the Crimea; his general services during his years afloat are all of the most commendable character. So active and skilful a navigating officer, possessing the high opinion of such a chief as Sir Edmund Lyons, surely cannot fail to meet with encouragement from the Lords of the Admiralty. Her Majesty's ship Duake of Wellington, 131, Captain Caldweil, C.B., flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard S. Dundas, K.C.B., is expected to leave Spithead for Lisbon in a day or two. The steam-transport Queen of the South, No. 135, Captain Beal, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the East, with 30 officers, 6 servants, 159 troops, and 219 horses, principally of the A and B batteries of Royal Artillery. The following were the officers :-Lieutenaut-Colonel Taylor, Major Franklin, Captains Mfercer, Smith, and Searle; Lieutenants Arbuthnotand Geary; Assistant-SurgeonChapple, Veterinary-Surgeon Cotterill, of the Royal Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Charteres, Captain Wheatley, and Cap. tainBeresford, of theScotsFusileerGuards; MajorKnox, and Capt. Stuart, of the21stFusileers;MajorsFawcettandRobin son, of the 44th Regiment; Captain Hodoswicke ; the Rev S. S. Roffson; Deputy-Storekeeper-General Taylor; Captain Sidebottom, of the 3d Ba%i; Lieutenant Sleeman andEnsign Peachy, of the 3d; Lieutenant Farquharson, of the 92d; Ensign Moyinham, of the 8th; Surgeon Fasson, of the 95th. The Queen of the South sailed from Malta on the 30th ult., at 8 p.m. On the 4th and 5th inst. she eucountered very strong headwinds and sea from the westward, and at noon on the 5th, off Cape de Gatte, and about 179 miles from Gibraltar, from the strain and pitching of the ships, the hawsers carried away from the Arabia (sailng transport, which she took in tow at Balaklava on the 20th ult., with three officers, 133 men, and 70 horses of the B and E batteries of Royal Artillery, and in consequence of the heavy sea running at the time the steamer was obliged to proceed withouther, and arrived at Gibraltar on the 7th. She left Gibraltar on the 9th. The sailing transport Arabia arrived at Gibraltar on the 8th inst. and left on the 9th for England. On the 12th the Queen of the South exchanged numbers with the steamship Preston, homeward bound. Her Majesty's screw sloop Harier, 17, Commander Derri man, will be undocked this morning at Portsmoutb, after an extensive refit, and expects orders to proceed forthwith for Halifax. A very sad accidenthappenedalongside of her in the dock on Saturday, attended with immediately fatal results. The wife of her chief boatswain's mate, named INToble, hadbeen to see her husband, and was leaving the ship by the brow, or planks which were placed from the dock side to the vessel, when the wind (which had been blowing fuLriously all day) caught her clothes, and threw her off the stage to the bottom of the dock, a fall of about 30 feet, by which she sustained such frightful injuries that death immediately ensued. Her Majesty's steam sloop Geyser, 6, Commander Tower, left Spithead yesterday for the westward. Her Majesty's steam vessel Otter, 3, Lieutenant Glover, commanding, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning, from the Eastward. The steam-transport Trent, No. 91, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the East, with seven officers, 217 men, and 185 horses of the Royal Artillery. We learn by electric telegraph that the screw steamtransport Melbourne, from Balaklava, May 10; Scutari, 13; Malta, 24; and Gibraltar, June 7, arrived at Plymouth yesterday evening. She brings passengers-Captain Young Turk;sh Cavalry; Assistant-Surgeon Johnson; and Drs. Hughes and Murray, Civil Service; and 246 invalids from various regiments, in charge of Lieutenant larvest (89th), Dr. Haverty, and Staff-Surgeon Carrac. No deaths have occurred on the passage. The Royal George, 102; Colossus, 80; and Sanspareil, 70, were at Gibraltar on the 7th, bound to the Crimea. The Great Britain left on the 7th for Eng. land. The Melbourne spoke, June 7th, off Gibraltar, the mortar-ship Eurotas, 12, steering south; 14th, at 44p.m., lat. 47 N., the entrance to the Channel, au English screw steam-frigate and three gunboats under canvass only, steering S; wind W.N.W. The Melbourne will leave Plymouth to-morrow morning. The crew of the screw steamshii Orion, 91, Captain John E. Erdkine, were paid wages at Plymouth on Friday. She went into the Sound the same day, and was appointed to sail yesterday for the Crimea, to embark troops for England. The crew of the paddlewheel steamsloop Virago, 6, were paid wages at Plymouth on Friday, and she was appointed to sail yesterdayfor the Pacific. The riggers and seamen employed on the screw steamfrigate Liffey, 50, got tops over mastheads at Devonport on Friday, and the lower rigging over mastheads on Saturday, The crew of the Msxander, 44,!Captain Thomas Baillie, were paid wages at Devonport on Saturday. She is appointed to go from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound to morrow. The screw steamship Archer, 14, Captain Edmund Heath cote, went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Friday.l The screw steam gun-vessel Ringdove, 4, Commander Isaac N. T. Saulez, was taken into the basin dock at Devon. port on Thursday, when her machinery was repaired; she was undockel on Saturday. The paddlewheel steamvessellAvon, 3, from Falmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Pridav. The iron screw steam troop-ship Perseverance, 2, Commander John W. D. MrDonald, went from Ply mouth Sound into Hamoaze on Friday, and disembarked the b4th Regiment at Devonport, where they will be stationed, About 10 or 12 gunboats entered Plymouth Sound on Saturday morning; among them are Nos. 4, 11, 13, 25, 26, and 37. The screw steamship Assistance is undergoing repairs at Liverpool, whence shewil proceed in a fewdays withtroops to Canada. The screw steam-transport Colombo, No. 61, sailed from Southampton on Saturday with the following troops, &c., for Malta :69 non-commissioned officers and privates, 11 officers' wives, 20 children, 6 female servants, 103 soldiers' wives, and 161 children; in all 370 persons of the 25th, 31st, 47ttl, 48th, 3d, and 46th Regiments. The Colombo also conveys Brevet-Major Rawstone, 91st Regiment, tothePireus; Captain Robinson, 22d Regiment, to the Crimea ;CaptainW. H. Pawlett,23dRegiment, to Balal;ava; and Lieutenants Pike and Crampton, 91st Regiment to the Pircus. The screw transport Clyde, NS\o. 145, left Southampton yesterday for Gibraltar and Malta, with two companies of Royal Artillery on board. The Zebra steam-transport is discharging her caTgo from Balal;ava at Woolwich, which consists of about 800 casks of rum, gons, &c. The screw transport Taurus is ordered into the river, from the docks, to embark 900 tons of ammlnition and ordnance stores from Woolwich for Canada. The Black Prince steam-transport left Woolwich on Saturday morning to be docked, having been discharged the Government service. The Rajah steam-transport has completed unshipping her returned powder and ammunition in the river off Woolwich Arsenal, and is likewise discharged the transport service. The 14-gun steamsloop NTiger, Captain the Hon. Arthur Cochrane, is moored ofr the dockyard, awaiting Admiralty orders. Four hundred labourers' having received 14 days' notice of dismissal, wi be discharged to-day from the Laboratory department of Woolwich Arsenal. On Saturday the paddlewheel steamvessel Monkey, Second-Master George Syndercombe, commander, arrived at Sheerness from Lon1don, and proceeded alongside the Cressy, 80, screw steamship, Captain Richard L. Wiarren, with the cabin furniture, stores, &-c., for his Excellency Lord Wodehouse, British Ambassador for St. Petersburg, and his suite, all of which were taken on board the Cressy, and the Monkey returned to Woolwich the same evening. The Hon. Julian Fane, Secretary of Legation; 3Mr. Curry and Mr. Kerr, a4gcZ1s ; and Mrs. Curry, arrived at the Sun Inn, Chatham, on Saturday; also the domestics in attendance on his Excellency and suite; and yesterday mornig embarked on board the Cressy. The Cressy slipped from her moorings at 9 a.m., and proceeded direct for KieL On Saturday the Hart, tender to the flagship Waterloo, left Sheerness for Shoeburyness, with Commander John Seccombe, of Her Majesty's ship Cressy, and several naval officers, for the purpose of trying some rifle shot and shell inventedby Commander John Seccombe. The trial took place at Shoebury, in the presence of the Colonel-om. mandant of the practice ground there, and a number of scientific officers. The shot and shell were fired from an 8-inch gun weighing 112cwt., the spherical shot weighing each 1001b. In consequeuce of the rain falling in torrents the experiments were suspended, but not until a very satisfactory result took place, proving the superiority of the newly invented shot and ehel over the common spherical shot and shell for accuracy of flight and range, also with ccnsiderably less reeoil to the gun. On firing at an elevation of five degrees (14 degrees being the moximunur), with a 61b. charge of powder (121b. being the full charge), the range of the common spherical shot was was exceeded by 250 yards. The average recoil of the gun on firing the common spherical shot was five feet, while the recoil after firing the newly-invented shot and shellby Com. mander John Seccombe did not exceed two feeb two inches The experiments, so far as they were carried out by the colonel-commandant and the officers appointed to superin tend the trial, proved highly satisfactory. Lieutenant W. F. Johnson, of 1855, has taken up his commission, and joined the Brilliant, 20 guns, sailing corvette at Sheerness. The Fantome, 12, Commander J. H. Genneys, was paid off at Chatham on Saturday. She is to be placed in ordinary. The Elk, 1S, preparing for sea at Chatham, has her rigging nearly completed, and is to be made ready with all despatch. It is understood that she is destined for the Chinese seas in search of pirates. The Cadmus, 21, screw corvette, has been docked at Chatham, to be got ready for sea. She will complete her coppering this weelk, after which she will be floated out of dock and taken alongside the shear hulk, for the pm-poss of having her masts put on board. The Renown, 91, screw steamer, the largest vessel ever laid down at Chatham docLyard, is to be brought forward with al possible despatch. A large number of shIipwrights are at work on her, and it is intended that she shall be ready for launching during this year. The Land Transport Corps now stationed at Horfield, near Bristol, have received orders to vacate the barracks, . which are to be occupied by two companies of the Royal Artillery. The Rev. G. H. Sabin has been appointed as commis_ sioned chaplain to the troops stationed at Horfield, in the place of the Rev. IH Richards, resigned. M. Sabin has beenfor three years with the army in the East. THE IEILTIA. The First Derby Mlitia were disembodied on Thursday. The disembodiment of the Royal Sherwood Rangers is to take place at Newark on the 28th inst., on which occasion a tribute ofrespect is to be paid to the officers and men, and several noblemen and a number of gentlemen of lTotting. hamahire have agreed to attend a public dinner in honour of ColonelRolleston (the commandant of the Tegiment) and the officers and privates. The Lord-Lieutenant of the county (the Earl of Scarborough) is to preside. The Herefordshire Mtilitia were disbanded on Eriday. Tha officers gave the men a dinner at the Shirehall. The Worcestershire Militia are also disbanded, but the men have received no extra pay. The screw steamship Alps arrived at Liverpool on Saturday with the 2d West York light Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Crampton. There were 19 officers, 625 rank and file, and 117 women and children. The Great Britain also arrived at Liverpool on Saturday, with the 3d Royal Lancashire MlEitia from Gibraltar. The Devon Artillery Militia, under the command of lajor Hole (in the absence of Colonel Bnck), embodied at Devonport for peran=ent duty since the 2d of January, 1855, has been disembodied. When called on in January last for the quarterly quota of 25 volunteers to the repglar forces, 101 immediately stepped forward and offered their services, and 98 of these were finallyapproved-forthe Royal Artillery, 37; .oyal Sappers and Miners, 42 * Royal Marines light Infantry, 19; making a total of 227 men given by this regiment to the regular forces, in consequence of which t)hree commissions were placed at the disposal of the commandant and have been given to three young officers of the regiment. The 1st West York Rifles arrived in Cork on Wednesday from Clonmel, to await the arrval of a transport to be conveyed to England. They were 800 strong, and znder the command of Colonel Mncton. The South Tipperary Regiment left Cork on Wednesday for ClonmeL 450 of the Limerick County Militia arrived ia Queenstown on Tuesday from England. They went up to Cork next day, and started for Limerick, to join the other portion of the regiment which arrived at Limeric- a short time since.
EAST IXDIA COAPANYS MILITABY COLLEGE, ADDISCOMBE. A publie examination of the gentlemen cadets of the firstclass, educated at this college, was held on Friday in the presence of the chairman (Colonel Sykes, F.R.S.j, the deputy-chairmen (Mr. . ). Mangles, M.P.), several members of the Court of Directorm, and the following visitors -_the Sight Hon. R. Vernon Smith, M.P.. Lieutenant-General Sir Charles Pasley, X.C.B.; Major-Generals Sir Scudamore Steele, IKC.B., Montgomerie, C.B., Beatson, Powney, Yallwyn, and Alexander; Colonels-Sir Proby Cautley, E.C.B., Lake, C.B., Sandham, R.E., Leslie, C.B., Prosser, Portlock, R.E., Broughton, R.E., Napier, Wintle, Sandys, andApthorp; Sir!fohn Login, M.D., Rev. Dr. M'Neile, Professors-Narrien, F.R.S., Christie, F.R.S., Sylvester, 1F.R.S., and Messrs. Leach, Waterfield, P. Mrelville, Bayley, &C. There -were 30 cadets brought forward, of this number the following 11 were reported by the Public Examiner (lajor-General Sir P. Smith,E.H,R.E.), to be qualifiedfor Engineers, viz. :-John Magee M'Neile, William Henzey Oliver, Colin Campbell Scott Moncrieff, William Burvitt. William Francis Blair, Henry Francis Blair, John Magee Heywood, Walter Eardon Ducat, Henry Smalley, Frederick James Smith, George Lane Cockbnrn Merewether, and William Tulloch Whish; seven for the Artillery-viz., Richard De Lautour St. George, Hugh Chichester, Duncan Scott Pemberton, William Robert Craster, Benjamin Christie, lfarmaduke Littlejohn Monckton, and John Ford; and 12 for the Infantry-viz., Robert Broune, Henry William Young, Frederick Lance, William Elphinstone Michaell Brace Ramsey, George Gordon Young, John Collis Supple, Clement James Griffiths, Edward Charles Garstin, Stanley Sutherland Sutherland, William Edward Delves Broughton, Henry Thomas Harris, and Charles Renny Blair. After the report of the Public Examiner and Inspector of Studies had been read by Mr. Cochrane, of the liliitary Department, East India-house, the following distribution of prizes took- place:- First Class.-Gentleman cadet.-John WMLeile, 1st general good conduct, Polloek medal, 3st mathematics. 2d fortification; Wilam H. Oliver, 2-1 mathematics; Colin C. S. Moncrieff, 2d general good conduct, Latin; WilliamB. Holmes, Ist fortification, military surveying; Henry F- Blair, 2dmilitary dra-wing, gunnery; Henry Smalley, 2d Hindustani; Frederick J. Smith, 2d civil drawing; Patrick Montgomerie, 1st military drawing; Wiliiam T. Whish, 1st Hindustani; Duncan S. Pemberton, 1st civil drawing; Robert Browne, French. Second Class.-John Herschel, mathematics, military surveying, and geology; Isaac Westmaorland, fortification and 3d Hindustani; Arthur C. Padday, civil drawing; Julius Moxon, 3d good conduct; Oliver B. Q. St. John, Latin and French; George H. W. Sotheby, military drawing; and Thaddeus P. Ryan, 4th good conduct. Third Class-Keith A. Jopp, mathematics, military drawing, and military surveying; Henry R. ThuiUier, fortification; Alexander F. Baillie, 4th Hindustani; Thomas C. Manderson, civil drawin- ; William J. Stewart, French; and Richard S. cbinson, atin. The CHA1rasaa?r, handing the sword to Mr. 3lNeile, said, -In presenting to you, Mr. MNeile, this sword, I feel assured that the moral quaiities which have won you this high honour, by their permanency in after life, will guarantee to you the esteem of your comrades and the respect of your superiors. The CaniUAX, in resenting the Pollock medal to Mr. IlNeille, said,-Xr. 'NMeile, your professional acquirements and general good conduct have gained for you the Pollock medal, a medal struck at the request of the inhabitants of Calcutta to perpetuate the memory of one of the most distinguished officers of the Indian army. May it be your fortune, Sir, at the close of your career to be worthy of that public admiration and private esteem which are associated withmyvalued friend, Lieutenant-GeneralSirGeorge Pollock. Theexaminationsbeingclosed, Ihave verygreatpleasure on the part of the Court of Directors in begging the public examiner, the Lieutenant-Governor, and his staff, and the professors, to accept the assurance of the high sense the uoiut entertain o, the zeal and ability with wlhich those gentlemen continue to devote themselves to the public interests, to the fruitful result of which the exaaminations of this day bear full testimony. It has been usual with my predecessors to address to the gentlemen cadets, on the close of the half-yearly term at this college, a few words on the part of the Court of Directors-rarely words of admonition, and most commonly words of praise and satisfaction. These addresses were never intended to be formal or conventional, but as originating in awarm interestin the future success of the young soldier, and with an earnest desire to make the experience of those who addressed the cadets useful to their future career. It is in this sense I beg of you to consider the few -words I shal say, assuring yourselves that, as I have passed through all the grades of the service which you are about to enter, I can and do fully sympathize in your hopes and fears for the future. Gentlemen Cadets, the Iaeutenant-Governor is enabled to report that the public conduct of the wholebody of cadets has been gentlemanlike; that the general tone has improved; that there has been great diligence in the senior PortiOns of the four terms, and that the degrading system of fagging is unlmown. Gentle men Cadets, my coleagues andmyself congratilate you on these assurances, Particularly upon the improvement m that tone, I truss, intellectual, moral, and religious, which is essentiaUy necessary to constitute the professional soldier, the gentleman, and the Christian. The result of the examination this day places the students of the college in three categories-those who proceed to Chatham to complete a practical knowledge of their profession, those who proceed direct to India, and those who return to the college. I will beg the attention of these classes to arfew words of earnest advic, You gentlei=e e.ho go to Chath mwillfind yourselves ina&st;,atof oom. parative freedom as respecs the postion you were in here you wil be exod to temptationLs and withL means and epportluni4Ees orindulgence, and we might fear for tH6 issue but for the guarantee thatthe pride ofknewledge, the unresfitting industry, and the sef-respect whichhav secure, to you the enviable distinction of " engineer" will keep ot in the sane secule path that you have hitherto tdden, and find you at the expiration of your term passing into the service with an unsullied name andl the requisito sdcitifice acquirements; and here I would take the opportunity of expressing the thanks of the Court of Directors to the director of then eer ,establishment at Chathaa, Colonel Sandhain, for his uebelre services iln training the engineerofficer YoIu getlemen, whether of the artillery or infantry, who procee& directto India, have a noble field Opened to youE at once; ancd you may well be proud to belong to a service which in its, military annals enrolls the great manes of Clive, Cloe, Mfunro, Malcolm, Carnac, Pottinger, Ouchterlonv, Tott, Pollock, Patrick Grant, and many others. pase through the several grades of the service as you vwll have to. do; one rose to be governor-general and to the Peeragefour to be governors of presidencies; one to be oommander-in-chief at Madras; and others tothe command. of armies and the highest honours of the Bath. But thciexamples of Edwardes, Nicholson, Herbert, Lake, Nasmyth, Ballard, and many more, prove to you, that neither elevated rank nor what is called " interest" are necessary toinsure distinction. Devotion to duty, professional acquirements, and, above all, a good knowledge of two or three oF the languages of the people, not only enable the native soldier to appreciate and love you, but vwth these qualifications the Governments are necessitated to. selecb you for detached employment. You will haveheard in Earope, and you will hear in India, the native character depreciated; but this is by Rersonx. ignorant of Oriental languages, and forming their estimate from native money-lenders, servants, and others, by whom the European gentleman is usually surrounded in camp, cantonment, or city. Be assured, the native soldier is capable of strong attachment and devotion. After GeneralMonson's disaster, and when himself and officers were imprsoned in Bednore and left to starve, and the Sepoys were left free by Tippoo to induce them to take service with him, the men frequently swam across a tank at thec risk of their lives with rice on their heads to give their officers food. At the first siege of Bhurtpore the 12th Bengal Infantry followed their officers out of the trenches. to the storm when a European regiment did not move. On the 12th of February, 1850, some non-commissioned officers and Sepoys sacrificed their lives nearEohatto brin off the body of their officer, Ensign Sitwell, who died gloriously charging the enemy. Such instances of devotion. are numerous, and I could detail to you several frorn personal knowledge. Cultivate, therefore, the affection of your men, it rests with you to command it, and you willfindit~ not less gratifying than advantageous. Gentlemen, I am sare I need not say anything to you of the misery inflicted by debt; your comfort, your peace of mind, and your health are sacrificed when debts press upon you. With common care yourpaywDI be sufficient for your support. I tell you sofromexperience, butfor luxuries, superfluities, and' indulgencies you will not have the means, and you must nay the melancholy penalties of having recourse to them. one of the difficulties you wldl experience as regLmental officers. is to get rid of your time between morning parade ani! evening mess. It is but too often, Ifear, with the thoughtless, passed in wandering from tent to tent, and house to house, drinking pale ale and brandy and water, destractive alike to mind and health ; and yet there is nothing more easy than to provide against this dangerous habit. A simplea resolution to devote dailya portion of time to systematcreading gradually gives an organization to the mind whichrenders. mere animal enjoyment or idleness equally distasteful. In aid of this plea I commend to you the natural or physical sciences, which afford to you every hour and at every step objects for contemplation and inquiry; and lessons in genuine heartfelt piety, which strengthen the effects of early religious instraction; and if you adda brief diary of yourconstant acquisitions in information you would find your time pass only too rapidly. Upon you, gentlemen, who. are to return to this seat of professional instraction, I must impress the important fact that without profiting by the facfties afforded( to you-facilities never to recur-you endanger your fature personal interests, and you can never attain to distinction. I fear it has been the practicewith some thoughtless young men, when they have honourably rn am emulative career for a term or two, on finding that their prospects of attaining to the engineers or artillery are faintor hopeless, at once to relax their efforts, and to be contented barely to shuffle through the examinations necessary to pass. into the infantry. This is a fatal error; for although the wants of the service permit only limited numbers to go into. the scientific branches, yet there is honour in standing high ithe infantryscale. Moreover, there areso many demands in the public works, revenue, survey, and Quartermaster-Generals departments for officers acquaited with drawnug, trigonometTy, and native languages that gentlemhen cadets who placethemiselvesinthepositiontowhich Ihaveal. ludedraise forthemselvesbarrierstotheirownadvancement, and,instead of becomingthearchitects, become the destroyers. of their ownafortunes, and ltrust,if it be permittedtometo make another offlcial visit to this College, I shall not again find that it has been necessary to except any cadets of the last term from passing to India with their comrades. Gentlemen, my feelingsas an old soldier haveprobably led me to ex;press myself too much in detail.; but it is for your sakes that Ihave done so. FInally, in the name of my colleagues and mnyself, I affectionately bid such of you asare about to quit the shores of your couantry-farewvell! At half-past 1 o'clock the chairman and company proceeded to the sand modellng halL Here severalinterestingmodelswere exhibited, beautifullyexecuted in sand, traced by the cadets and finished by the sappersof the establishment during thelatterpart of theterm, and presenting exactly the appearance of finely cut stone. These models were carefully explained, and their details. and pecuiaities were accurately described and pointed out by gentlemen cadets selected for the purpose from those lvhco ha,d previously traced them. The drawings in this department were numerous and excellent. In the examination-hall the cadets ans.-.red numerous questions on this sulbject proposed by the public examiner, and the principles of thc attack inVaubans " First System't were explained, and the details of that on Silistria described biy Cadets Holmes and Moncrieff TAirrY Dai5Awnqs EXECUTED iiY TilE Gxsrr,xsx CADETS. First Class.-Mr. Mlontaomerie (1st prize), Hongkong; Mfr. H. Blair (2d prize), Balaldava; Mr. M'Neile, tongkong; MNessrs. Browne and Holmes, Balaklava; M r. H. Youn", Mequineuza; Mr. MIoncrieff, Silistria; MEr. Smith,. St. Sebastian; MIr. Pemberton, Cabul; MIr. Ducat, Hong. kong; Mr. Oliver, Tarragona;- Mr. Monckton, Corunna, Second Class.-Mr. Sotheby (prize), mnodel of Cape of' Good Hone Third elss.-31r. Jopp (prize), Volcanic Mountains. Also several minor but promising subjects in the junior classes. CIVan DsiA'Lvanc. First Pfizc.-A very beailtiIu1 drawin" of alusaei water colours, by D. Pemberton. ~ alnsaei Second Prize. -Twro clear and freely handled sketches in pencil and tint, by F. Smith. Third Prze.-a hi:ghly finished w;ater-colour drawingof 0Ashford 3Mill, Derbyshire, bv A. B'adday. Fourth Prizo.-'Water-colour draw,ing of Richmlond,. Yorkshire, by T. Mfanderson. Besides the above there were other works of ability in every style of drawing by the gentlemen cadets. Some interestig photograph wvere alo exhibited, among which were twro of the outgoing term, wvith 37 portraits in one group.
I S ALES BY AUCTION*. Old Foreign Cigars of a first-class quality. MESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at M te Aatin lart ciy,on Wednesdlay next, at 1.2. OLD FOREIGN CIGARS. of very exceHlent quality and in the finest condition; lotted to suit pinvate purchasers. On view. Cataloiues on morning of sale, and a sample bom of each opened for iBspection and tasting. To Draper Siknsdrcers.losirs,lotniers. aTnd illiners. MjR THOMAS HEfMMING will SE,LL byv AlTC- iV TO.N. at his Rooms, 5, Pilgrim-street, LudgatB-hill, or Friday next, June 20 the STOCK of a DRAPER, SUikmercer, Clothier, and 3Milner. On view onThuirsday,and cataloguies had. Building Plant and Mtras ThirR* EDWIN WHITE lELL by AUCTION, l Ion the Premises, 34, Wellington.strect, Goswell-street To-morrow, at 1. without reserve, the above: onsisting of ecalfold poles, ladders, r_rewvjack, crane, smal stock of useful ironmongery. several doors and sashes a t-ruck, and miscellanies On 'view. Catalogues on the premises, and at the auctioneer's, 170. IBisbopsgate-street withouto JEIMETT will SELL by AUCTION', at the Ca-m rnage Ilarsar. a)UB,aker-streTetasnd aing6-street. Portsnan.equare, To-morro 4.St eogseera,Bdaty-od,lS A. June17at,ahndoeFUNA? c- 16.zat a theanEsoArN2 ZGm hSTOC forfish. OInvew Thind weIT adapEd1 forTa gard en or eihoribition rooms. TGouin lcanTsu, rivateFatliesn roersal, Winobo rchans, itnd others. tHAbuseX ompsid shout 100 doe u l& tofether oPith the hou Maold eatore, and other effects. On view the morning- ot wale. Catalogues on the premises; and of the auctioneer, 45, Old-street, City-road. St. George's-road Pilico. corner of Lupus-streeT-Ec mLture, Q rose wood Pianeflorte. Library Table, Biokheaze. aDd Effects. GEO. GOULDSIITH w illSELL by AUTO. TI TION, on tho Premises 32. Glocester-terrace. as -above. T DAY.16th inst., at 1 preciseiy, remraining FURNIT1ljtE, sebool bedisteads and bedding, pedest sideboard, and the ueal appendages of a schooL. Mlay ho viewed the miorning of sale, Catalogues on the premises ; and of the auctioneer. 3, Pt-o eeste reetleigrave-square, and 24, Belgrave-road, Piraioo. R. GE(}?. GOJULDSMITH wiPi SELI b?y AlJ .LVLTON, o the remises, 58. bie-tre,Pmic.T-mroJuno 17, at 1Vrecisews. the whole of the nest FURNITrJ,morosa)risigbedtead andbedding, andesicam rapndgs rosewfoo?d cheffiers, leo and other tablmes,6set oCf cairs, sos.chna,, l anideffects. Oss view day prior to sale. Catalogues on the premlse and attbeauctioneersilee ,Pontstetegvqu an2, Belgrave-rood. Pimlico. Brixton.-Remaining Honsehold Furniture briliant-toned S3-ota Cottage Pianoforte, in elegan son sup rnor Plated Articles. Iron GardeRolrSu erhs, c - ThR. SUCH is instrticte ytePoreo to SELL Al by AUCTION, on the Premises 10 Hol. land-la To-morrow. June 17. at 12, the superior RiTURE; compuesog . splendid walnut drawingroomn suite in richtbrt ete cainl n te tables, 6-ft. effonier, fitted withpatelass, Ar, brillant plate chinmney-glasses. mahogany dining omcar n oc nlahr sideboards, telescope dining table, hamber farniture, an eets. hMay be viewed and, catalogues had on the premises and at Mr Such's offices Walworth-road, Hoddeeden, Hern.-Sale of capital Furniture, two Cows, Store Pig Stump of Hay, Garden Implemetnts. Greenhouse Plant;s ac. yg order of the proprietor, who is leaving the neigzhbourhood. ord SEARLE wil SELL by AUCTION, on WedILnEesday. June 18, at 1I. the excellent UI'UitITURE and modlern APPENDAGES of a family residence, situate in the centre of 3thie viae: als ci gran3da hgaramo>n6i2uzm. co0ttagtee pianBoforte, plated mangle,atek tnsils,uadhoudoefects. May be viewed one dia fortothe, sl,adctlge hldron the mremOfsa oflr lesers. 1. ~arie and Co., 26, Bishopogate-street; and of the auctioneer, Camber. dor. of Pale She na, and other Effectsr Oze., R ROBE E at his Room, M lI Great Marlbronhtre,TIDA June 16, at 12 for 22 o i'cock modem FUR TREincud ,ing Ult, rosewood,nud mna- h lo, card, oc a andaytabescabinets, rots of chairs glasses, Brassels an te apt,basand iron ~dtasadecl lest bedding, mahogn adhrh rdnt,cbeiodrws,bin stands, dre-ing tbe,tie lse,:pae hme untr,kt chen requisites, andnmruefes,Mybviw, dct- DON Glue, China, and otnhewrpE fecpt ALDSO is nefr ctl to SELL by ex UTn~ontePeie.o rdy une 20. at 12 furl , the ea eln tHUEODFR TRIanEFET.cmrsn vreor e n erialsadstso hismbgaydnn a'e and iigro hi antteetbe n hto oce n may be had otspeie;ado h utoer thsofcs 2
