DEATHS. On the 4th of Apl 182G, at Aboo, Capt. Fredericl- Poster Taylor. 3D onbay Invaild Etblfhhment. .On the 27th UItO, at Windermere, aged23, Ben-James 5othen. Beq.. fd teg.- Dtikeof y.n castcer' Own. itfle_s, and yacuscest non of James Sosheen. }Ea., tha Priory. Aigburtb, IdverpooL On the 20th lt., atVilier le eld, near Pwis, of esryspe la, aftez a 'FMy ihort and ovs-er tUiness. Rtebecca, second dauhter o' the late Mfr. Vlckrc,. Of ii, Bridgo-road, lambeth, aged 18 deeply regretted by ber family and friends. Ontise 2fth ult..,at the residence of his late uncle, Mir. George Dilon. printer of 17, Hattoa-gerden. Mr. 'Jzhn Dilon, agedZ% late lvery- 'ma of the Spectaclernakere Company. On the 29th ult, at Chapel-fields, Coventry, after a protractecl illness, 1Ir. Thomas Cattell, In his 5S9h year. - On the 38th nlt., at Fort William, Invermea-sbire, Scotland, Air. Thm e 2i? tnald, Hater and Procmator Fiscal, in the 62d year of his age. 9n the 20'h nWt., at Fareham.Catherino Maria Farqubhrson, the Only irter ot the late Ideut. i t. 0. Farqubharso, IL-N. -On tho l)th OL., Mrs. Eliza Jane Gan-ow, aged 67, widow of Gecs-gi ran,or. late in th-3 Madras Civil Serric oam tethvlt., atherohe°e, 2, Be-rkeley Villas, riteille. Cheltenbamn, in the 86th year of her age. Barah Choisneley, the last ens-vicr of the ehildren of ilountague Chohmeley, Eiq., of Easton, incoLshire. On the st Inst., Mr. Jacob Slverston. ef the Oval, KenningtoD, aged 59. On the let flast, a Charlton. Mrs. Hendersn, widow of the late Captain John ienaeraan, of Castle-green, Caithoess-ehxae. On the Ist inst.. at 23. Kensington Palacegarden3, aged; 16 month, Syhblla Augusta, the infant daughter of Isaao Moesa, Esq. On the 1t Inst.. in the 26th year of her age, Juoll Anne, wife of the les-. Henry S. Di3browe, rector of Coniholine, near Iouth, Lincolnshire, On the la' inst.. at Ins residence, 11, Church-row, Chuirch-street, SODfee eno Mr. i Williams Thompson, aged 52. after along and paifu til&naes deeDly lamIeted by his chGidren, and regretted by all who knew himt on the 2,d inst., at his resIdence, 8, Rarrington-sq=se, London, Clendon Turbemr e Dauke, Eq., aged 2 On the Sd loist., at 37, Hereford-road north, Weatbourne-grove, aged 22, Ann Peters, the beloaed wife ot 'Wfiliata Bone, Esq., of the Stock Exchange. On the 2d inst., at SG, Upper Gower-street, Elen Mary, daughter o' James Williamson, iun., Esq., in the 5th year of her ee On Wednesday, the 2d inst., at tile rectory, North Petherton, nea Brldgewater, John Snowden, Esq.,inhis 78th year. O- the 3d inst. Elen Georgia, the youngest daughter of Mlr. r. W. S. Wood, S, Hemningford Villa% s, tarbury-ptark.
ALth'XIC.AV BON7DS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the account in your columns of yesterday of the arival at Southampton of the West India, Mexican snd Pacific mail, you State that she brings, inter alia, for ile Me--can dividends, 1,416,163 dollars from Tampico and VeraCruz; while, in your city article of the same day, a inemorandum from the committee of the bondbolders says that nothin, was brought bythe mail towards the dividends, int that the agents had received at Tepio 7,688 dollars only. Is therenotsome mistake here? I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. B. 0. A. ouly 74
LOCAL CHAPGES UPON SHIPPING. HOUSE OF COMMON%S The committee met yesterday for the purpose of considering their farther course of proceeding; Mr. Lowe in the chair. MIr. IIADLAa having produced a report in favour of the town dues of Liverpool, he moved that it be adopted and presented to the House, whereupon a discusion ensued, in the course of which Mr. COBDE-Y expressed his intention of .votin& against making any report in the present state of the inqury. The C mAiRmA. then moved that the committee should simply report to the House the evidence already taken, and upon a division this course was adopted. The committee then broke up, and will not resume their inquiries this session.
LAMBETH POTTERIES. TO THE EDITOR OE THE TIMES. Sir,-In common, I am sure, with allLondoners, I cannot. Ibut rejoice at the result of the suppression of the smoke nuisance, so very graphically described in your impre6sion of yesterday by the gardener of the Temple-gardens; but a very different effect is produced by a letter signed "H D.," In your paper of this day, regarding the dreadful nrLuiance of the Lambeth potteries. The writer describes the effect produced on railway travellers, but how incomparably worse is it to the health of the surrounding neighbourhood and to! the inhabitants of Lambeth, Stockwell, and even Clapham ; in fact, in any direction in which the wind l'%ppens to blow7 Could you but be induced to take a walk in that loeality,you would witness a scene and inhale au efflu-7ium as disgusting to the eye as they are prejudicial to the health and comfort' of a dense and increasing population; it is, in fact, an awful and shameful nuisance, and how it can have been permitted so lonig to have continued is a wonder to your constant subscriber. ONE OF THE POISONED. July 3. TO THE EDlTOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It might provo instmeiive were the public favoured with the experience in the cultivation of roses which the gardener to his Grace the Archbishop must have acquired in the grounds at lambeth. I am. Sir. vour faithfil servant. E. D. D. July 3. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In justice to ourselves, as Lambeth potters, we beg the insertion of a fewlines in reply to a letter in your paper of this day. Nlo one at all acquainted with the subject would make so absurd a statement as that any stench whatever arises from the manufacture of pottery. So far as the smoke nuisance is concerned, it was admitted by Sir H. De La Beche and Dr. Lyon Playfair, in their evidence before the House of Commons, that there were special difficulties in the consumption of smoke in the manufacture of pottery and glass; and hence in the Smoke I Abatement Act potters and glass mnanufactuwers were exempted. We have, however, since the passing of that measure exerted ourselves, and incurred a large expenditure in our endeavours to render such an exemption unnecessary. In this, we are happy to say, we have to a great extent succeeded; indeed, so far as our own manufactories are con- cerned, we have in our recent additions saccessfully met the, difdiculties, and have sanguine hopes that in the course of 12 months, and before the act now before Parliament re. moving the exemption comes into operatioi, our own plan, which we have patented, or some other equally efficacious, j will abate the nuisance complained of. We would venta4to suggest that while manufarers, at considerable bosflhd inconvenience, are endeavouring to i conform to the recent act a better example should bh set before them in large Government establishments ancd public institutions, from which it is notorious volumes of smoke i axe constantly emitted, although there are no special difficulties in its consumption, such as we have to overcome. We are, Sir, your obedient servants, DOIILTON AUD CO. t Lambeth Pottery, London, July 3. *.* From personal observ-ation within the last two days ve can tesify that this nuisance stil remains unabated and in full force.
REsTORATION OF STInG CAsTIm.-The Govern- ment bave, we believe, resolved to restore in an appropriate, and m.ch improved manner the portion of Sti'lin g.Cstle known as the Governor's-house, and including the histori- cally interesting room recognized as the scene of the Douglass' assassination, which was destroyed by fire last autunim The planning of the restoration has been intrusted to Mr. Billings, in conjunction with the Commanding Royal Engineer for Scotland; and the plans, which we have had an opportunity of ezamining, are already prepared. On examination of the buildings which had been exposed to the fire, h{r. Billings forcnd that they had at an earlier' pseriod been of a muLch more elaborate character and fittin,g appearance thm they presented in recent times -for instance, a row of ordinary sash-windows had been substituted in the .Douglas-room for inulioned ewindows, highly chara$eristic of ancient Scottish architecture, and entirely unique ia their details. Mr. Billings pro poses to restore thesewindows in their ancient form, and to bringthe entire front of thim building into character with These who have vigited the Douigl6i-room may zemcm*era veryela'orate oak cornice, formed of a combination.4finscriptious na:d tracery,. and in the centre of the ceiling an equally ahorate oak bees, representing a f'amiog star, with seTera of tlhe emblems oE Scottish royalty. Fortunately frsg,ssents of these works escaped destraction by tbe fire, tho ina charred and mutilated condition; -ad through the aid of these Yr. BillingsZ has undertaiken to zestore the wr'nee in metal, the contractfr which-i3 aiready in course of exeettion. Froml what appesa on the *lzt there can be no dembt tha t their execution will accomplish an immense improveAunt, both in apperanee. ar ad lautility on the ancienit wydpi for trs - no
a4 LPARAMANKXZY INAW&N'2,'5.)i I.OUSE OF. LaRjD STMmiwsi, 3;-L 3.'- s The 10Ar sCEANOLi^ r ook hiaea s i onthe iwoolsck St; 5 o.',ock. -, :. .. _:'.., - :.' Lhrd REDESDALE pesntd, petition from the-cerl r of the rural deanery of Stowe,-fornierly in the diocess of Gl eester, complaining oltheinjury doneby. the umiin: of the seea of Bristol and Glocebter,and prayibgtbat the seesmight be again divided. The noble lord expressed his-full'oonurrence in the prayerof the p,etition, and begged to ask the Government whetbe1 they were disposed to,aoeqe to; 'The 'Earl of W.&ROCBY said, the Goternment were' sot'-prtpared -to prope-any.alteration in the. existing arragemnent.- : 5 'The Earl of ELLENliOROUGHE Valieved the deesun -of .the Government, would' be received w.with disappointaient and-dissatisfaction. by tle clergyand inhabitants of GlooestrAire, who felt that 9)loDg as the two dioceses remained' xited they would 'hais a non-resident bishop, and that. no arrangement would'o b'satisfactory which did not restore the seat of Glocester. (l3ear.) 'REFORMATORY' AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL8 ' ' - ~BILLe -On the motion of Lortl or vswoNSWOP this-bill ws read a third time. On the question that ibe bill do pass, The Bishop of OXCFORD moved the insertion of the followngafter clause 5 "So much of the said first-recited act- as provides that no yduiEful offender shallI be directed to be sent to anyreformatory school by any cccurt, judge, sherid, or magistrate, juntil after the' expuation oF his sentence, nor unless he'shall ha sentenced to a punishment of imprisonment fe-14-days attheleasi, shallbo and is hereby repealed; and tit thal henceforth be lawful for any such courf, judge, sherig;'or hsv6trate, ving authority underz the said act or. his at, S6. direct aay suchl youthfui offender to be set to and detained in -any reformatory school, to mitigate-or commute any sentence of impri.- sonment which may be- passed on any such offender, so! far as relates to the acusal confinement of such offenderin, a commen prison or House of Correction, if in the exercise, sof their or his discretion it shall appear expedient so to.do;, and, in lieu thereof, it shall be lawful for such court, judge,; saheriff, or magistrate to 'direct such offender: to be sent to and detained in a reforMLtory school accordi6g to the provisions of the raid recited act ind this act, as well during all or any part of the term of such sentence as for anyfnuther period notless tha or exceeding the limits pre- sonbedy the sid act." 'The right rev. prelate sa!d, he though' it ought to be left to the discretion of the nomwmitting magistrates, whether juvenile offenders should be sent to prison, reliminary to their admission to reformatories. Withp depraved offenders imprisonment might be advantageous, but with those who had only just entered upon a career of crime the assocation with- the forner class could only have a prejodicialand corrupting infl'ence., *LordRAVENSWORTH opposed the clause, which, he observed, had been rejected in. another place, after undergoing discussion in rathei; a full house. After a short conversation, I Their Lordships divided upon the amendment, when the numbers were- Content ... ... 53 Not Content ... ... ... .... ... 17 Majoritr ... . .. ... . -36 The bill as amended then passed. DIVORCE AND 1ATRIMONTIAL CAUSES BlLM. On the report of amenamentb to this bill, The Bishop of OXFORD rose to move the amendments of which he had given notice. There were other matters connected with the bill to which those amendments did not refer, but which were well worthy of consideration. He believed that the maority of their lordships would be of opi. nion that it would be of f,reat advantage that the civil action which was at present maintained for criminal conversation should be done away with. His noble and learned friend had talked of introducing a measure upon the subject at some future period, bui; he could have wished that, he had addressed his vigurous mind to considering how a clause to that 'effect could be at once introduced, One agument against such a provision was, that in certain cases the husband was not oily injured by the loss of his wife but by the loss of a certain property to himself and family; but that was a matter which might, he thought, ba most properly left to the tribunal which the noble and leaned lord proiosed to establish, and he did not see why power might not be given to that tribunal in such cases ti indict a fine upon the adulterer. The whole subiect ight by some such means }have been induded in the present bill and then the judicature of the country wculd have been purged of what ho believed most of their lordships would agree with him was a monstrous evil,-nainel,', the civil action for damages for criminal conversation. He wvould next proceed to say a few words with regard to those poiats to which the amendments of which he had given notice referred. As he had stated or. a previous occasion, the preponderance of his judgment went to the opinion that the great Lawgiver of the Christian world did e clude from the sentence of 'cohdemnation pronounced against persons who put away their wives those persona who put them away on account of adultery.. Our blessed Saviour, in introducing a degree of strictness into the law of divorce, and in his declarations with regard to it, excluded frona the condemnation prcnoanced against these who put away their wives ceros whe' did so on account of adultery. He was also bound to admit, as far as the abstract question was concerned, that a Clristian State ought, if it could without incurring otheraad greater evils, to give the same amount of liberty as was permitted by the great legislator of all Christian communities; and, therefore, if the question were whether it was lawful for a Christian State abstractedly to provide means, if it could, by which, with safety to morals, this new relaxation could be introduced, ha should- be unable himself to vote against such limited relaxation. Bnit the guestion before their lordships was of a very dfierent kind. A measure was proposed to them under this profession--that, whereas now onlz the rich could obtain this relaxation by separate priviAgia, justice required that it should be carried down to the lower orders of society. Now, in dealing with the bill as a practical question. he- objected, in the first place, that it would not carry into effect its professed object. It was perfectly impossible that the class for which they were mainly asked to introduce this new relaxation could obtain any relief whatever froxa the coert which it was proposed to found under the bill. The funds which would ba required for putting the machinery of tha' court into action could not be )rovided by -tho poor, and the poor were just the class to which he would most desire to give a remedy,'if it could be done without incurring greater evils. By altering the lasw as now proposed their lordships would give to the comparatively wealthy the power of putting away their wives under certain conditions, while withholding it from the great mass of the population. That, as it appeared to him, wzs a strange way of fulfilling the profession with which the bill was introduced, and he believed it would be doing a great wrong to society, inasmuch as it would make the law of the land say that such divorces were lawful, and yet would withhold the application of the law from the great bulk of the people, who stood most in need o' such a relaxation. Moreover, he maintained that they should not propose xay alteration of the existing law which affected in this way the whole of family life, without showing that in nakiang provision for a relaxationthey were not doing great evil in oliher respects; that they were not shaking the very foundations of family life and endangering its purity throughout all classes of the community, because, although the thing itself might be right, he might remind their lordships that the abstract lawfulness of the proposed relaxationdidnotforecloseitheargumentthatthe wayin which they were asked to introduce it would give rise to other certain and great evils wliich would more than counterbalance the anticipated goad. For his own part, he could not for a moment doubt that by introducing this perfectly novel principle thay would, do more to shake the sanctity of marriage among all classes of the community than by almost any other rseasure that coTld be adopted. When it was said that under the lawof Christ a man was allowed to put away his wife for adultery, and i-hat therefore a Christian State was bound to sanction it, lie would beg their lordships to remember that the same lkw laid down that marriage was honourable for all; andyeta Christian Legislature had never deemed it a wrongful infringement-of-the liberty-of mmn to 'smarryto enact that no per;on should be permitted to contract marriage until he was 21 years of age withoutt the consent of his parents. In all such matters they had not only to consider the abstract question of whether so and so might be allowedl, but likewise whether the mode in which the assertion of the abstract principle of right was to be made would obMir draw on evils so great as ought to restram them from proceeding in that particular way; and it therefore seemed to him, inasmuch as they could not stop wherethepresentbill stopped, inasmuch as they were not prepared to give thecoutws sufficient power and authority to gurd against colusion and other evils, inasmuch as the bil would not extend the proposed relaxation to the great mass of the population, that they should pause before prqceeding further in such a line of legislation. Again, were they prepared, by passing this bill, to say that the law of the church and the law of the State should be in direct oppstion to one another? At al events they were bound, imtheynmeant to maintairn the established church, and not tohburdenthe conscienrces of itsministers, to give the church an opportunity of considering the question. with the view of having its law altered 2ri parsse with the law of the State. There was yet another point. The bill propoed not only that a husband shoul(d be permitted to put away his wife for adultery, but also that a wife should be allowed, unnder certain conrditions, to put away her husband. Now, would any of their lordihips teU him that there was the shadow of ; foundation in the gosnel for such an extension of the right of divorce ? It was distinctly stated that a' Imsband might put away his wife, but no general principle was asserted in the gospel which would equallt entitle a wife to put away her husband. The truth was that, though adultery might be as sinful in the husband as i,. the wife, the social crime was aloether different in magnitude; and our blessed Master, while allowing a susband to put away his wife for adultery .because all the highest purposes for which marriaga was instituted . by God, would be defeated by thK infidelity' of the wife, never extended the same right to the other side. He 'askedi their lord hips was it right, in th c face of that interpretation of the Holy Word, supported sa it was 'by the greater part of Christendomn-in tre face of 'he law of the church, npon the strength of some doubtful2 interpretation of a difficult sae -to give to a Iminte part only 6f the population a ice. which, would 'be practically withheld from those who most required it? Taking the bill lely for th-rich ' i Androt fat' ;thc r-e' od Ythat theiir l.A ips *WX noI , *pa .2t Anothera stage withouet ,pikitg out-he i'.- i hieh cb thbe yaentured to object-, Th duty 'which I. wase Dow. ..diaCbhrging was a very panul one, especil : tp_oue scoupting .the. positien which he had thwe lhoour tO !hod in that, ho'e--o wr it subject hum to Vet MiarepteXentatiou; Those- wh. *ere-I suffering- under individual' instances of Ih&d..' ship, deeply as -he -sympathized_ with them, - 'wouId, think that he' wa doing every thing ia-his powerto prevent' their release froura position *hich they 33vagimad to be an. uhexampi'id evil, but; belieing at theieep foundationsod fafiiily life rested -pof-the sanctity of the marriag cour tract-beliermug that niaiAy and great bvilsiwould arioe from tbat lioeneewhichwould inevitablyifolowt tlieidotios oEthe biU as it Std-believingthaVfaXsily life, TIn le a5 it was to every one, smostvalui bletothe poor manw;hofelt thati amid the ni. hariddbhi -ofbis lot: w the-onr thing which 'God bd given to hini for his strength audoomfort-and believing that no good could-result from a general Melaxation extending tX the wife a well-as to the husband.e trustd that their'lordffips would not p ass the bill without omitting the causeeto which he took objection. The right rev. relate coocnded by moving the omission of clauses 19 t oth-inolusive. X -, - :The LOlRD CHANCEIM0R was sure their lordahips ouldnothavefailedtoseethat his right rev. friendpro-, posed to stiike out-from the bilLafl thxt-formed the foundaotici on o 'wich it. w*s- inttuduced,-Vix., the necessity of giving i judicial eharacter to t'nat wrhich was substantially, ajudicislproceeding. (Hear, hear.) Itwas not proposed by the bill,it could not be proposed, tonmakeit obligatoryonr any ono to insist on a divorce; but its object wa'sto giv' facilities fordivorce, wich he could not believe was incon. sistent with the Scriptures. le (the lord Chancello y stuted with the assumption that there was nothing in the Scriptures that forbade a husband from putting awsay his wife for adultery, and, starting from that point,hi woul ask, what ought to be the course of sensible legislation on tbe subject ? Surely, it -must be to give to a person complaining of adultery such facilities for divorce as the nature of the case permitted and as were not inconsistent with the Divine law. (He&r, hear.) Onthe pretence that divorce -was unlawful, the law of this country abiolutely and entirely forbade it, but nevertheless, in every case where a person had the pecuniary means of coming to their lord. ship' Holas for an act of Parliament, it enabled hiia to obtain redress substantialy as a maritalnght. (ear hear.) Now, this bil provided that that which had hitherto been obtained by parties as pr,iilegia, should be in future granted by a regular tribunal as a right. (Hear.) His right-rev. friend complained that there would be inequality in the working of the law, as persons in the lower class of life would still -be unable, to obtain re: dress. But that would be a reason for refusing to legislate on almost every sabject. The rich had necessarily a great advantage over the poor in all cases requiring an appeal to a court of law, as such proceedings were, in the nature of things, always more or less oostly; but was that any reason why the Legislatture should not do as much as it could in the way- of giving relef. The object of the bill was to render proceedings for divorce less complicated, less difrli cult, and less expensive than now; and it was no argment against it that all would not be able to' aail themselves of the alteration. Their duty wus to make the -aw as perfect as possible. When he first introduced this bil he confined the relief to the husband, and to the wife in case of incestuous adultery- but in the committee it was thought that the relief to tie wife niight reasonably be given in certain other cases-such as when a husband had not only committed adultery but deserted his wife for a certain number of years; when he was guilty of cruelty along with adultery; and when he had committed bigamy. The bil, therefore, gave relief to the wif in those few` eases, but it 'was not deemed prudent to carry the prinicle fulrther. *He did not wvish to speak lightly of aduItery nI the part of a husband, buti;t 'weuld be mere prudery and ffectation to pretend that the circumstances were the same n th case of the wife. In th case of the husband the wife might be conciliated and the parties live together again, -tnt the thing was, inordinry cases, inpossible when the nine sin ;Was committed on the part of the wife. (Hear.) Be believed the committee had arrived at the best conclusion that could be come to on the subject, when they granted elief to the wifein these fewcases. If, however, hisright rev. friendwas correct in sayingthatto grant adivorcein any case tthe instance of the wifewas to doan actforbiddenby thb Scriptures, then, of course, it would not only induce heir lordships to pause, but at once.to reject that part of Ihe bil. He could not, however, so miterpret the passages o which the ;ight rer. prelate alluded. If there was scripurlauthority for saying that it was lawful for a husband to put away his wife for adultery, did it not in the pre;ent state of society follow as a corollary that the converse of the position was true, and that it was not unlawful for the wvife toput away her husband? (EHsr.) He did not say it followed that it might always-be done for the same cause, but he could not agree with his r1ght rev. friend in an interpretation which amounted to entire prohibition. (aear.) Herepeatedtttheproposalof his rightrev. friendwould have the effect of renderng the whole' biUl nugatory. If their lordships thought there ought to be no divorce under any circumstances whatever, then let them adopt the propo- iton of his right rev, friend; hut if they did so he would conjure them to come nositively to the determination that none of the petitions for divorce which came before their lordships' house aS pmivilegio should be listenedto. (Hear.) lord REDESDALE thought they ought to treat this question as one affecting the morals and habits of the people at large. - Hitherto divorce had been a thing withheld from the people at large, and the consequence was that the marris-e law was held more sacred in this country than in any other countty in the world, They were now going for the first time to make divorce possible by a leg lprocess, and he cautioned them that if they did so it would not be possible to confine cases to the court constituted by the biU. They would be compelled to provide -a cheaper tribunal for the lower classes. (Hear, hear.) 'At present; where tempers differed, theparties felt that they must nevertheless remain together and accommodate thernselves to each other, and this knowledge had caused the marriage state to be so happy in this country. A motion was alreadyproposed to extend divorce to cases of desertion, and, depend upon it, if onee the door were opened the example of Germany and other countries would -e followed, and divorce would be allowed for incompatibility of tempar. Who would be hurt by the rejection of these provisions? -There were very few persons who were unfortunately under the apparent necessity of seeking for the disolution of the marriage tie. Those parties might feel some injury by the rejection of this biU. But who were affected by this bill in an inunrious manner, although indirectly? Why, every single marriage was tonched more or less by the principle of the present change in the law. It was, therefore, expedientfor the House to consider how far divorces, when granted, were condudve to the happiness of the parties concerned, If theirlordshipsweretoexamine the historyof 20 or 30 divorces, they 'would not find more than two or three instances in which anything like happiness had been enjoyed by the prties who had obtained a divorce. In numberless cases no re-marriages took place, and where there were children the greatest distress and inconvenience vwere experienced. If Parliament were to determine that -divorces 2 vincutlo should be no longer granted, that decision would only prevent three or four divorce bills a-year from 'being brought forwvard; and would, perhaps, only affect 50 or (30 couples, while the change affected the wrhole maniage law of the kingdom. He should cord.ially support the amLendment of the right rev, prelate.i Lord CAMPBELL eaid, that the noble lord (Redesdale) 'had always maintained that marriage was, by the Divine law, indissoluble. The noble lord was a member of the commission, overwhich he (Lord Campbell) presided, and in 'which he (Lord Itedesaale) stood alone. That commission was composed of men of all parties, and the noble baron was the only member who contended that divorces for the adultery of the wife ought never to be granted. The noble lord now said, that if their lordships rejected these provisions they ought never to allow petitions for-divorce biUs to be presented to them. But were their lordships prepared to come to such a determination ? For 200 years the husband had had this remedy as a matter of course. If he had not been g6ilty of misconduct, if there had been no collusion and no blame on his part, and if he proved adultery on the part of the wife, the marriage was -dissolved. Although this divorce took the from of a legislative act it 'was, in fact, a judicial process. That had been the practice for two centuries, and -it had continued without any remonstrance from the right rev. prelates or from any other members of-their lordships' House. Were they now prepared to say that, however immaculate and exemplary the conduct of the husband -might have been, if his wife were seduced he was to have -no redress ? Did the noble lord mean thlrt he was to live *with her again-that there waS to be condonation, as in that scene in the German play -of the Strangser-and that the parties should shake hands and return to the marriage state ? -Bat, then, if there could be no condonation for the adultery of the 'wife, ought there not to be separation? (Hear -hear.) The Divine Founder of oar religion certainly permitted divorce for the adultery of the wife, azid he *trusted that their lordships would not be prepared to change that law, which had substantially existed for so many year3, and under which so much domestic purity had existed. The right rev, prelate (the Bishop of Oxford) did not consider the marriage tie indissoluble. He was not a Ileman Catholic and did not regalrd marriage, as a sacrament. The right rev. prelate would allow marxiage aocord'inglytobe disolved for the adulteryof the wife. The right 2ev. prelate was content with the present state of things, ,et he also wished all to be placed upon the same footing. At present, however, the man of moderate means was absolute.y cut off from redress. The present biU would be a great improvement, and would remove a great reproach from our jurispradexce. The commission appointed by Her Majesty to consider this subject had, with the exception of the noblebaronet,runanimouslyrecommendedtthis blu. As some yearshad nowelapsed hemight mention thatthe report of the commissioners was 'written by Mr. Walpole, no rawh reformer, who was not likely to disregard the cause of religion and morals. Instead of an act of Parliament-being preceded by an ction for criminal conversation, and a suit in the ecclesiastical court for a divorce tt mtwed et thosro. ,and then canvassedin both Houses of Pariiament, a judicial tribunal would be established by which-- on proof of; the offence a remedy might- be given.- He agreed 'with the right rev. prelate that the-remedy ought -to be afforded to the poor as well asto the rich-to all husbands who could prove themselves free from anyimnptation of misconduct in the mtrriage stite, and who had hid the cdalaity of having an unfaithful wife. In one instance their lordahips had alowed ahusband. So situated, to sue in that house in fo7rmd pesuperis, and he knewv no objection - why husbands should- not be allowed to sue in fos'sd pauperis, and have 'means sup plied to them, if they. -conld;make out that they ,a no moaus of calling sttne,sses and mzeeting the' ntcessary expenses of hsaving ,. . : 4 I~~~~~~~- eccl~atea courits wculAjnot Iacve'aiuaal ve-aa -Mng -- - L shouldlgivent tbe*[baewliProvo s--ilii6dil of hiurSHives and th{om ilotqwhc C erh be]edra oeted, f thatha1 tb Uo^ be - ii ru ltri b¢ rhere' -i;-i-idtlkrfib-t * ''311-;03 '' nage z:ght he' diseolved. '. war -not awaie tbit it 're qulrp iyn:act of Convoction iit alloi* t}jr leeasp lh Allrowing tb t,his billad1 wth all teie-e&whic le ubrliVi ci&;hvAdc4sirdnaripas,Jems -,flior theehurch- e roksteiiId on wh}icl Pariaent had aan ubteigt X tso IBUIIAEL (hear, bear.) - -n e had he-d the $t rev. pedel ,i wav exceelingly wrenzforilielrlordabipe to pr tJie l:iill allowng m e out - oing to nr ca,- it r w Tpurely-sacrao enp l of 'I w icb tbeehiir - g h the,C {boniucloJ, edintt on but, witDi all isc r't * for the ehuzi, le l9rotestedaCai&ft tfaComtriMO. (H7erid hlear.) In conclusion, .thenoboie1 or4 eroreed u hopi thttLe~Hu iwoldB.O not reiecmtte bl. see a. leave tb.e law -in its. preemt imperfect and ob,#ceal1 ate. . - ., - - . .. |The. Bishop o;E ST. i)AYI5S thcqxiht the n:obble cd; ,who hal just. spoken 'had& not done juatioe to the azlr I menti oE tfie noble lord,.thc Chairman. efComniMe ansd 'had dotle !palpble--ineticeuititeeargumentb hish' rev. friesna- he Bishop, oE. 'Oxfod) and-of hial£. Hc did-not cl=er)-ht anat od ntIable a izente the. 31ob1k lo~rd (E ia~.tfrid,f6 ini the lihea dgee ,p the peCuliar opinion wslch he hied, asto the abscutt ndLt-- souIlitr. ofe ,meriae tit (Raair 'El The iiobe lord .SOpeareJl to him-to-have. cerdlly avoAede anyr referenoab to thatopinion,anld houghhe d no ashrin'tht opinio' nevertheess b-cOul,d,-with prfect oonait~cy, concur in. everypart of theargnimenroftbe uobie lord. It. ght he-trui that, e.te,rtaininlg th,at -opinion, tbles- noble lzloulo ndt view with dissatisfatiou the abolitioriof ite- re:edyrnu providedla PiviWebiiw-bt,whether tht nedy~ aI,olislsed or not,bhis aruent being enti3rely. isrelevent to it, wvould-remain preciselyr the same. ie- a not -very gretly alarmedat- the pro:Epic of thes abo7ition. of that reBmedy, beBcause, as it clearly appli,ed toz a vety small elaa oE. Ca#Se, vhetherit remainedw or wasaiboliahedF wa of vey slight importance. But. At,_as not that he hadno objection to that remedy. to remain, the cleer question beings, whether it shou3d or should not he extended. (ilear.) With regard to his isghltrev. friend, he did not observe that he objected to the continuane of those privilegi<a provided the nsmedy wspurfidd of some of the prelimiary abuses, wrhich were th e strongest if not'the only objections against it. Whether tte- reedy was provided in its p resent or in *nother forin was of no importance, compared writh that whichl the noble lord (Ca;mpell), to his great srprise had overIooked], ad to which the mainl artuients of the noble lord (Iledeedalo) and his sight rev. friend were addressed-namely, the effect which might be expected to ensue, in al rationc of society, from opening to all classes the prospect of the dissolution of the marriage tie. The rea question wa, whEether these were any such grievances for which this' bill provided a remedy as-wrould counterbalance the evident evil -hich had been polntedlout as resultinlg from this ret change- change, -the operation -oE which vras clearly to lowrer the sanctity ef-the marriage tie. IIeshould not have troubled their lorLahips except for -the single puLrpose of rsecalling attention to whit, lhe apprehended, was the' main point off the question.- - - The Earl of 1)ONOUJGHMlOBEI said, that as hetook pe.t inl the disclussionin-the select committee, he wished to offer a few wvords in expolanation of the judg1nent which he had formed-ulpon this subject. TherDght. rev. prelate (the Bishop of Oxford) admitted that divorce for sdialtery of the wie should be permitted; -but he went on to say there were various reasons of policy whEich should prevent their. giving relief to the husband, except by the circuitous mode of a pr.vate act of Parliament; and -the right rev, prelate sai-d that if they passed this bill they would place the lawr of the State in direct contradiction to the law of the church. Ac far, at all events as permitting divorce for adultery of the - wife, the law of the State, according to the right rev. p relate, had-the authornty of HolGY Scripture in its favour; hut the IW of the churchl ws aanst it. What was thelawr of the church? ID WaS a remnant of old Boma nCatholic times-a remnant of those laws which wvere made by the priesthood for the Purpose of obtainin$ comp'ete control over the people, and an invention to raise quibbles so as to levy taes for dispensatious in the niarriageesof the wrhole population of EBurope. It was confessedly bJinere accident that this part of the ecclesiastical law was retained. As hal been stated by his noble and learned friend (Lord Lynd.- hnurst), a counninion of -learned peronawas appoinlted by the lRing to consider;vhat changeeshouldbeadje in t,helaw.jii cousequence of-the coinplete disruption of or charchfromihe authority of the See of llome,' and the result ws a booh, writtenby ArchbishopCranmer, whichlaid downthe principle that divorce for adultery of the wifeshonldhe permitted. In the latter part of Ins speh the right rev. prehate said there was nso express authority in Scripture for divorce for adultery of the husband, but ho seemed to forget wrhat was the condition of womxen in these times. Wfomen were slaves;they were not the 'equals of the m-en;- they had none, or scarcely any, civil rights; and. it v-a impossible to conceive a cas in which women would- or coull appeal to any tribunal for redress against their husbandi One ofthe greet effects of the Divine la- a to rala the condition of women, and to ,place them npon a footing anoon |hichthe had never previously stod, and in a psitionl in which they were- not now placed,in any eountry which did not enjoy -the blessings of Christianity. All that was intended to be bestowved upcon mnv by that lawvwr also intended to 'oe con- ferred |upcon woman. Thus, fair- reasoning could lead to no la-ther conclusion than that the libertyr given to man to put away his> wife on accounrt of adutery extended equally tothe wire in similar cases. Any arguent based upona strict literal interPretation of Scripture wo-uld lead -to dan'gerous results. - The name which the right rev. preate (the Bishop of Osford) hore wsassociated with an act c@ justice and mercy, one whEich had conferred honour Upo tha' nzame and uponthecountry which- had acted-upon the advice of his illustrious relative, and- declared -the absolute equality of men, and that no- nan could lawfully boe a; slave to another. But if inl those days the Holy Scriptures had been interpreted inthe rigid sense which the right rev, prelate wvished now to be adopted, it miht thent have been said with great force that slavery was *pnroed of and spokien of in Scripture as an institution; thata savo was sent backc to his master by St. Paul - and th at therefore it wfould beactingaainat the law of our Saviour to abolish slavery. Thatargnment would have been equally convincing as thlat nowr used to induce the Leilture to withhold from a wife the pcower to separate from her husband, wrhich the latter already enjoyed mu respect of his-wife. The noble lordV (Redesdale) had objected 'So the bill, th1at it might be made to go even further thant ws at present intended. He (Lord I)onoughmore) trusted that it wuld- go further. Hec hoped.f the day was not far distant whenfl Parliamtent would adopt a: generd law dealing with this subject in the polain common-i senlse view which had prevailed in Scotlandor years with-, -out having inidicted any injuary to the moralsof the people-i -that we should recognize thefact that a wife had the samse rights of divorce as the husband, Great stress had been laidt -by the noble baron and by both fiht rev prelates-upoon the~ danger likely to ensue fr om the liberty of divorc which the hill wvould give, but in repiy to that apprehension, he would]I refer to the case of Scotland, where thie liberty had existed for years, and without producing any deteriorating effect, upon the morals of its people. The Earlof DESARTr observed that at uresent divorcel was not legal, but in extremne cases the £ggrieveJiparties had an appeal to that House. By the bill, however, it was proposed to make what was nowe an exceptional act a legal habit, and if that were done it mut descendl below -the point at which it wsnow intended: to stop. Although the bill proposed an une.xcep-. tionable tribunal to administer the lawo,when the public foundthat divorcewassalegalhabit,theywoualdnotbe content with that arrangemenIt, and he feared that the result would. be the establishment of some kind of petty sessions' divorce tribunals, which wYould degrade mnarriage from its present eharacter. He thanked the right rlev. prelate (the Bishop of O:xford) for stating his view so clearly.as he hnad doe andA hoped the y would be adopted by the House. oe The Bishop of SAlI[SBIJRY said, he had arrived at! the samle concluion as the noble lord (iledesedle). HIe did. notrise for thepmrpose of showing that the bill ws an in.' vison of the law of the church, bt that the HclyScrip~ turesere1plainly and distinctly opposed to such an inva- so.Hefeltthe difficulty of entering upon the questionin~ that house, hult-he was convinced their lordslup would listen to a plain satement of the grotunds upon wvhichh based his opinion. The tidc?ium repudii allowUed by Ross, - which wsreferred to in the Gospel, said, "accipe Iibellum rejrndffi ct eto it ?ne alject et c cuiciineyc riro permnissa," but our Lord laid down that ftose provisions, separation and marige, were impossible. ILi one part of the Efoly Senip -tutes it was said by our Lor-d, "If' a woman put awa her husbandandbe marriedto another, she comanittesh aduler." No words could be strongerthantliose. Agin "FWhoseever~ mnarrieth her that is div oroed oemmitteth adultery."R Thus it-wa6 plain as to our Lord's mind in^ regar|d to the woman, Then as to the muau, it was said, " Whosoever puttdth away his wife aAnd marrieth another committeth. adulter aganst her." Again, " Whosoever puttetn away his wif and -muarseth another cominitteth adultery," Those demclara tions were-to be foud,< onein the Gospel of St. Mark and' the ether inSht.uke. flle(theBiishop of~ Sabury)adinitte ' that one ex;ception was made in the 'tspel of St. Matthew, huAt would show that it did not bear Upon^ the preent point. The question ws-not as to puttingaway, but as tomirrin reFecredtoinSt.Matthew. saidHerwsoaulgdmatke ^oneeception- as to putting awsay in the case of fornication or adultery buX He did not ilathe slightest degree relax-what w>as said in ' te- otner two Gospels as to putting - aay and marryinFg agan. Tlle Holy criptures thus proved thewiofr t ivineFounder of our religion to be, thit no man or woman- 'could, for anycossible csuse, put awsy husband or wife and. marry again. here was one exception made as to putting away, butnot as to marryingzaain. '-Whoso puttethway. his wife and, mnarieth again committeth adultery." Novr. as to the mnestion -whether a woman con7d put away her husband. He (the Bishopo Saisbury) believed that she -could; but the permission s accompanied by special re-strictions, and, even if she- left her husband on account of 'his adultery, she did so' contrary to the Diiine will. St. Paul said in the Ist Epistletothe Corinthians, "Let not wives depart from their husoands; let not husbauds depart 'from theirwives." -is podtion was, that it was 'contrary to the -words of our blessed lord for a, man or womau to put away husbanid 6r- wife and' iarn aan Fe entrdated thbir lordships to weigh well whatI;hey were doing, because it va a his most solemn conviction that they were not, as had been said, about to sweep away one of tie 'relics of 4haRomaePatholic religion, but were going aaint the plaiuletter of Holy Scriptre. He entated-them t- pause befor theyarayedil those who adbered tothe. WoD of God against any decree -which man might take on the subject; he entreated them not to give their verdict aiSt what hecould not sy.ywasthe unus coneesof.al ntei- preters of the Scripture- but which had been the lawof on.r ountry for centuries. and which, he believed, was the-trde Jnterpretatlon of Holy Writ. :(Hear, hear.) . scount DUNGANNON saidthat, though defects Might .exist in the present sytem, he could not but fear that the remwad irOea ws taroiia ihas the' die ; akkdt -- ! s you cw,inade dtivbeec a i t "tie, 1 wouldbe te3ne, e-'isgr_,e 1Reif'j intO sex and -cusing F to bleped thoe House wouleo i ari b the *umdui, ; 2ioht rev - prelate. He bdliee t'the diffieuJtv: ysiel exisedin obtainiig a divOrce was inra t degree £hewcwr h opeinorelity -dhich exit a-this cnr . to' the obsErrance of the- marriae -At* % Iat nbriai |woul be saken. io it Yeer foundaions by tilCe ii; 'ieuii, and be eould atot therefo ehisah anc to .-i bill wich,to say 1he leat cii%, w*s f-raugtl 3~h - to the morality, the wellbeing, the order of socety !The Earl of DbERBY.-I sAmiotpin to-, pica t,ii disumiu, or to eater into.i -ey elaborae arge<me"_' have heard addtse.a iz support of thi viewventertained with egard to the dimaoIubiEty-Ce the indicIleobility of the ma. Aetie.- I -cannot hdelp4 rning, -howeer, tha, evea amongthose who agree wifthepropodaendm if Z%'twer. prelate,!4hre is wvery ooniderable diMirce eE opniooA this sul,ject. Unadoubedlythehrit-v. prl*Ute (the Bishop of Oxford) did-not conmten fsd the indissolu.- hiiLty of henre t , ad dumitid thatl there ixiied high authority or a in-atiur in escs andi -unde certain eonditionstthezriage tie is-diuolebile. Therighti rev. prelate, who baa sinoe addressed the Houe (the Biaboq of-Salisbury), appes alwo to consider that the Marriage tie. ,is tocetai extent disoluie-u regrds the-man yet if inderstooa him rightly, the Man is iader no ci s c entitled to mry n. Yy nobl friend {Lord R6d*edAe) again contends thiit, under no circumstances, either by thOlaw or the Gospem, i8 the rni tie diasoluble. I did no. understand tle right rtv. prelate (the Bishop of Saisbsi*y) to ontendtlattbrmnia jestiewasindimoluble. LIeBi&aop 6tf Slisbury.-'"res, I did; but I said that thewoman might be Iput Away.']3 *ell, that i a -nice disinu tion, which I cannot very well undersad {hear, hear), - but I won't. enter into that point. I rose, my lords, mainly for the purrpose of putting to the, noblelord onthe woolsckc, or to. my noble and learnelL friend wLo±d1yndhur) a questioh which, toi-y minc of eonsrderable importance, a-d which may ta -oartain e'tent, influenoe the vote which Iam caUed upon to give on. thisqueition. I eennot oncur-with my noble fuien at th tabe (Lord Rodesdale) in ridissolubilitJ. howreves sa Imayves,pctthe :manotityof,aun'ige. I do believethereare cmes in which it - is competent for human authority to' give its sanction to tlie dis-olution of the marige tie. (Hear.) I cnmot feei atfied itth the enisting sat of the hlw, because it, says onething while the legislature say another, and becuse, too, mnder it, there is a great disad. vantage, a great inequaity, as regards the, condition of thea. rich and-the poor. (87ea.) Assnming that mrriae may be dissolved in eertain cases, the 'question.then . ariseu, by whatagency shll that process be effected? My nolui friend (Lord ledesadle) says very, consistently, "EiBy-no means at all; -the Leislture should idmit of "no extep. tions.' But I say, not admitting that d6ctrine of indiaolbstbilit1, ifthe marriage tie is to be dissolved at all let ths law of the landhave a equl operatiou, aad don't, ccom. plish this object blr exoeptional llegslaion ting saide the- r Hear.) Ia thereforealtlgether favotrable to the urineiple of this bill, and I confess I have been unableto b ear from the authorities quoted to-night anything in Scrip. ture or anything in reason which should prevent the Legi tarefromdealing withthis.questio. (Erar.) When, however, Ilook to theprobable consequences of passingthislawr, to the consequences of facilitating the dissolution of thii, the most sacredj-f ties I confess I think we are bound to' reard those consequenes-we are bound to sk whether by thIslegislation vwel are not sanctioning great laxity witla regard to marnage, and giving facilities forthe dissolutionof that tie, which, except under cerhin circumstances, oughtnever to be dissolved. (Hear, hear.) Are younotbytbis bill offering great temptations to collusive divorcee-to adultery ractis by the ucnnivance of the husband or the wife forth' purpose of oltaining a divorce? (Eear, heer.) It you re, then I say you ar,o entering upon a most dangerous course of legislation, and one aginst whichitWill be exceedingly necessary to guard.. (lomr, hear.) Now. I cannot bhat own that if you give facilities for obtaining divorci to -te middle and lower classes. -clases by whom ant present the idea of a divorce isnot to be entert aiied-Ifear it may tend to coilusive adultery; I fearthat convenientlann,ements may be mae between the parties fDr the purpose of procuring a divorce; that where persons- have beoome mutually disagreeable acts. w1il be committed for the veryyurpose of gratifying their mutual inclination and of entering into a sepante Marage. (Hear, hear.) This would bea serious evil, -and one against. 'which it is right we shoul take some precaution&. Now, my right rev. friend. (the Bishop of Oxford), if I may be permitte to call him so, has given notice of an amendment which appears to -ne to introduce a suficient, or, at all events, a very considerable check upon vwhatIfearmay be the consequence of the legislation we are.now contemplating. He has given notice of his intention to introdtice klter the 24th clause a proviso whichinthecase of a divorce prohibits the party who has been guilty of the adultery from obtaining perhaps the very object he had inr view--namely, a marriage with the person with whoms that adultery hadbeen committed. Sucha provision, I sy, would in my opinion meet, to a great extent, the precise danger we apprenend. (Hear.) I know not if it be: possble for this bill to pasg curing the present sesson. of Parliament- but, at all events, it deserves the gravest consideration, and my vote as to the amendnent of my right rev. - friend-the effect of which I denotdenyi xllbetoputanend to this bill altogether- wil be very considerably influenced by the -answer wldch.. -will be given by mr noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst), or by thenoble lord on the woolsack, to the ques. tion I am about to put. I am disposed to vote in favour o- the bi)l and against the amendment; but what I want to. know is, 'whether, in the event of the rejection of thisamendment, the nob)e and, learned lords a-e prepared to. adopt the proviso to which I have alluded? (Hear, hear.) The Eirl of ABERDEEN wished to remind their lordships that, by the law of Scotland, the very check which it. was now proposed to introduoe into this biU was enacted. The persons who were proved to have indulged in adulterous intercourse with each other were prohibited fronm marrying; and he entirely concurred with the right rev. prelate in thinki that it was matter for grave consideration whether lt woud not be of advantage to in'toduce some such prohibltion into the law of this country. . ord LYNDHUtST did not rse with any intention of' -entering into the dicussion of the question. He wished; however, to inform. their lordships that such a provision wasdiscussed in committee, and was only lost because the numnbers were equal. Forhis own part, as he had supported theintroduction of such a pro,-ision when the bill was before. the committee, he Ehould be prepard to support it in the event of its being again propoed. - The LORD CILktCTLWIR did not consider that the. ill' wnodt impovednby thaeintrohuction of such abprovinon, bec asethereswav s experiene toshowth such a pro'vision contained sorething radically wrong. It was onew Eu the standirng bnrders of their lordbaipe' House that no bll for a dlivorce should be introduced 'which. did not conrtin a, cause prohibitinig the marageof -the persons 'who had been guilty of the adulteryeomnplained of, hut there was nO one instance in wvhich than clause had not benm struck out, because such. a clause did imot prevent collusion. T1here -were masny instances in 'which. 'such a restriction h .'d been avoided liv gross misconduct, for' care had 'oeeantakeut that the act of adlterywhich hadbeen committed should not be discovered to have taken place between the persons who wished -to marry. Such a clause, therefore, was most objectionable, and the same objections would apply to the provision now proposed. lord CAMPBELL said that perhaps he was nat-orllyinclined to regard the law of his native country with favour, but, on gene.ral principles. he considered thatit wouleL not be safe to afford aditional facility for divorce without. -somne such check as that which was now proposed. Ehe Bishop of OXFORD did not rise ;with the intention of addressing their lordships pon the origin question, but. he-was anxious to say a few tords in reference to what had fallen from the noble lord opposite. He thought that it.would hei the rec:ollection of the House that hc hatl never alleged that any canon -of the church laid downi thelawniponthemnatter,norhacthe denied that marriageiaitS essence ras o than a eivil contract. The noble> and learned lord oppioeite had quotedwhathehimself looke & upon as a great autlioritT-the opinion of the reformers of the Engbish church-end he2had pointed out that Cranmer Ws in' fxvour of divorce o accomunt of adultert, as also was the Berforniatio- Legtia. low, 'the efor-. *aatiol;cguss propoied to allow divorce on account of' adultery, but, at the siame ime, it proposed to allos' it-for many other-causes.- If a man were-absentfrora his wife for twoc yeas ihe Befor,natio xLognz, proposed that the wife should be allowed to marry again, and f the husband sobaquerntly eturned without bein'able to give any valid reason for-not havin,rcommunicatedl-with the wife the second marriag was held to be valid aad binding. There was, however, a strong check aginst collusion, for in such a case the first husband was condemned to. banishment or perpetual imprisonnent. [The Earl of Derby.-'Hec wouldotbesofooli hasto comeback."] (Loud laghter.) He did not mea nto apDply au urvJumesu,n cef hoineostothe noble lord opposite (renerwed laughter), but wrhathewihed topoint out was, that alishough it ws perfecUly *t rue that the Reforrnes.o DtLeg propoe to allow divorce in caeso auter, tha prvso was athsmeime, an- ompam.ed by most stringent provisions agaist aulterer esnamely, the penalty of perpetual i mprisonment, and that prvision entirely removed the moral objection -which eentertained towaxds the present course of legisation. There was one point which hd been advanced with 'vhich he could not agree, and that was, that the present law was more unfair to the poor than the a.ltered law would be. By the present system divorce was placed ou t of the reach -of-all withvery few exceptions, whie by-thealteredlawfit would be placed within the reach of all who were able to afford it. and it was better, he believed, to allow an opportunity for Showing particular exemptions-from is ninversal law than to make a universal law the benefits of which could only be enjoyed by the rinch He believed npon his conscienoe that the bill would give no real relief to the poor, but that, on tlhe contrary, it wo tend to met-class against claw, and 1o relax in English soiety those stin. gent rmules hich ha ul hitherto proved so advantageousI. Their lordship s th en divided, wre.an he number-were--. Contents 4 -3 1 on ntents ... ... .o o M jority for the caes ... . 3 Teaendmentmasthlerfeveejected. The following amendeml of the Bishop of Oxford w as thenagreed to,to it anserl saoeend of clauw24ihe following ,words :-." Provided always that it hall not be lawl for a bhanda os wifewhoahallhave beenfound gilty of adultery to interayla2. lat Any woman or nan wr h 'rhi the adiutery has been pved t have bn oommitt L--Lord DENMAN , who spoke from the Oppoles.ehehe proposed te iaert, inert,wn lte .th ajad 16th l e l the 1tolloving -O.' Andfturther dthe mid Cout orilers
OUSE OF COMONS, TUxSiY, JUI; 3. 'kle SPRAems took the chair at 12 o'dock. POOR LAW AbENDUiNT (No. 2) -BILL, 1&. BOUVERItE moved that this bill be read a second time.. -Sir G. B. PECHEIL, in rising to move that thb: bi}l be read a second eme that day three months, expressed his regret, on private zouds, that ha should be obliged to sppear before tfie ouse on-the,present occasiow 3iving, as hie dsd,un the heaert of a societyys whinch peace had prevailed for many years, but which wras about to be diteurbedj by theenatment of this measure. He complined of the manner in which the ,bill had been brought forward. iBill No, 1 wrav introduced on tile 3d. of April without any 'previons intimation being given to tho'se' b.pi took a great interest in the question doring the yeiss '18 ind 1845. On the 19th of -May an attempt was inade to read that bill a secondtime,-the iiht hon. gentleman (Mr Bouverie) saying thA as no principle was involved iui it the biU might be read a second time without discussion. This, however, was objected to, and on the 23d of May that bill was discharged, and leave was given to substitute the prasentbill for it. After several ;ostpcssensents the second reading of the present bill was finallRy fixed for this day. Me knew not whether this, like the first hill, was without ny principle, but up to the present morceut the House had-not heard any statement from the Poor Law authorities as to the provisions of the tmeasure. The great defect ,of the bill, in his opinion, was those clauses which repealed the 22d Df George m., and also -that portion of the Peoor Lw Act which authorized single parishes to become 5ncorporated under the wie nd beneficent statute called the -Gilbert Act. There was use a provision restrictinqg the publicity of the rules, .orders, and regulations of thej Poor l,aw Board to the cleric of the peace, whereas the .present law required copies do inch rules to be -furnished to the clerks of the petty ses- sions. Sn long as there presided at the head of the Poor! Lawr Board a person in whom the country could place contidince, it did not much signify whether those rules were promulgated or noti but it was matter of great importance as to the description of person who should so preside -over that board. Greatinconvenience would, however, arise from dispensingwith the copies of the rules which were at ,present sent to the clerks or the petty sessions. Again, the' hairman and vice-chairman of the board of guardians ab 'present appointed the auditor of the district; but by this b11l the power of appointing the auditorwould be transterred to the Poor Law Board; and the auditor in add-'ion to his present duties would also have to undertake all the accounts of those p laces which had- adopted the provisions of the sta.- -tate of the 4th and 5th of WVilliam IVr., including wvatching rind lighting. What watchinag and lighting had to do with,. -thu Poor Lw vAmnendm:ent A ct he was at n less to conceive_ 'On the other hand, however, the appointment of registrars, 'which was now exercised by the Poor Law Commissioners, was to be transferzed to the board of guardians. If that; -were considered an equivalent for taking the appointment -of auditor from the board of guardians, he certainly did nor Ahink it to be an adequate one. It was most important, that the appointment of the auditor should rest with the beard of-guardians. But, after all, the great objection to. -thisrbill wa its compulsory clauses, by which it was pro- - posed tes repeal the act commnonly called the Gil.- bert IJuion A ct-a wise and beneficent law,- and one 'which had operated most advantageously both for the ratepayers and for the poor in all those places where its provisionshad been adopted. Why should those' incorporated parishes be dissolved? No abuses had been shown to exist in them, nor any inconvenience to have arisen from them. He therefore hoped the House would pause before it sanctioned the measure of thb right hon. gentleman. When the Poor Law Bill was first introduced in 1834, it' 'sas proved that the only parishes in -EngLand w'chi were quiet were thosa which had I been incorporated under the Gilbert Act. The popelation of those places thein amounted to about half a million; and Lord AIthoipe wisely inserted in the act of 1S34 - clause excepting from iS operation those Gilbert incor-h porations, and also those parishes and towns which weret noverned by local acts. The Gilbert Act was passed in 1782P lt empowered pirishes to unite for the purpose, amongh other things, of administering relief to the poor. A great many parishes adopted the previsions of the act. It WAS true that on the psasing of the -act of 1834 many of those incorporatiene were hvngttereded andtbroken up; buton is, he believed, wasin consequence of the statements made to the different Gilbert unions by the emries of thesewhotadvocated the Poor taw Bill of 1834. He knew that manycof those parishes whish were then deluded by those rep)resentations were tnhius to retur and be agaiu placed under the provisions of the 22d of George IlI. They hadPever since regretted having yielded to the pressure then put uponrthemand naving listened to the misrepresentations then made to them n order to induce them to pLace themselves in the hands of the Boar Law Commissioners. Great disgust was at the time created throughout thcounty at thegmnner in which the eoar L-w Commissioners proceeded to form their 'unions, and especially at the course they adopted in 18I5 tind 1836 in endeavonring to persuade the remaining Gilbet incorprations to surrender. The inspectors wsho were seat into the different parts of the country resorted to the most unjustifiable means to effect their object, end theyo from time to time reported that everything was workiing well in the Boar Laweunions; but that the Gilhert incorporstionf thees mischievous examdles and ought t be dissolved. If the right hon. gentleman believed there to be any defect in the GilbertAct, why did he not propose to amend it instead of repealing the act altogether? It was possible that the dight hon. gentleman might deny that the Boor Law Coin. missoners were tlameable, or that the conduct of the inspecofrs had been such as he had described. I the right hon. gentleman should take thet course, then he (Sir G. Pechell) would call upon him to institute an inquiry into the whole subject, when he should be prepared to fortify himself with his strong box contain. ag a host of cases that would establish every allegation he had made as to the improper interference by the Poor Law Commissioners with the Gilbert unions, especially since the ^ear 1844 So far as the public feeling on this question was indicated by the number of petitions presented to the Imous there could be no doubt that the opinion against the medaur largely preponderated ovfr that which prevailed in its favour. After reading several pisagels fromu these etitons the hen, and gallant member concluded by moving tht the I he read a second time that day three months. Viscouat G th rAid, he did not entirely object to the bill, but be entertained some serious objections to it, and for more reasons than one he would -second the amendm ent lbe would apreal to the President of the Boor Law Board 'whether he did not think it advisable, considering the lateness el the session, to withdraw ,t.ha hill7 It must be recollected that the right hon. gentleman had not oven made*4 -a statement in favour 'of this measre; end it should also he borne in mind that it was not the fault of the Hlouse that the bill was not more advanced. The right hon. genm -tleman hadpartlytoblamehimselfforthis. It wasnot the' first bill he had inlroduced on the subject. If this was a matter of urgent necessity, the clauses being of such impor-tance, they ought.to have been well considered in the irst instance, and have been brought forward in a state it' to pass the Horse. His- great objection to the-hill was its doing away with the Gilbert ntion-s. No misconduct -had been alleged against them; no proof of any want of outdoor relief, or of. an insuffi-clenay of in-door relief had been adduced, while it certainly 'Vas the fact that nine-tenths of the ratepayers of those unions were adverse to this bilL If the right hon.Aeentleman htd the power cf doing away -with these-.silbert nions, he scould not see any reason why he should not 'eually do away- with- the unions under local acts Me i-d not: see any grounds why these Gilbert onions should 1b brought under the control of the Poo IaLw Board. He believed that the ratepayers very justly ohje4ed to the increased expenditure which -this measure would occasion by the building of new workhouses and the creating of salaries for additional officers. Surely, the ratePayers muEt know their own buisiness quite ie well as tha Poor Law Board. With regard to- the pro. pcd transfer of rthe power of electing the auditor, he ageed with thehOn. And-gallAnt member for Brighton that proposion was most objectionable. The chairman and makcbinarepl of the. bea of guard6ies wrsx quit. as iefyto appont an-efficient auditor es the PobiLaw Board -As reg aseo the emwereimha potces, hie thought it was nsty fi-r tazt they should be ares e to pauvide for their o poor. But, orn ae'w 1 i0e-rhis o oin w a t_e t of] M[r. BOViPW:BIE said, that the jesarids hewn a50ntt6 make in repl1ytothehen sand gallant member shousld ho 'brief dan to -be he i t lth regard to thosproLisiTns of the hll,r some of them were impor.ant and some not. First 1hirpet the aoarp,ofuiment of auditor. Thpe Hoise munst nijilerstand that at presenit the audiito wa appinted ey -theo chirmanP and, vioachairmanz^ of the doi of guarsn8 to- be the auditor of the districts That wra an arrahgesment made ini substitutionL of Use one by 'which the hoard of guadians of each '-union appointed their-own auditor and paid him out of their ownifunA, Subeequently it was arranged that the auditors shold be Bid e7tira by the publicut Of the funds of the con'ccc And not understand uponl what princi$le it could b 'cont,ended that the chairman and vice-harman of the9 toardso guardians should have the sappoirntent of the aditra. In 1838 it ws a distinct recommenedation ofr theeanumittee thit the anditors should be appinted by leer Lai Board. -abeaquenaty to that se C ea e oFfitc Tit-ty t hirl -e rbi&t;-$6rid-Afrszds distinolyret ended- tha tik aditors ahoujldbeappoit;. ed n the way pood by tids bill.> it wa eimporta tthat the aditors ahould be absolutely independenxt oftheparties1 'Whose aconnts. they iuditea, and that taeir whole timo should be devoted-to the dishr of their dutiw'c ' tho latter purp6es -their districts bUd Te.enlrgd In. p on. of fact, they wore officers appointed by the central authority uererly fe-fthe purpose of chcing .and controlnig the expendituse of the lc d t i pOi IOC at al the apjiomtment ougt not to be by the guardians, but y thare eyera It f as preposterou Uth ,bdo mrclofguardias-:ahould bappoent- an tauitor h Sof audit their ow: n accounts. -The auditor's duty was to act ongbarthembof ther aanst irs, b nd to 'exe that the raaes whi perl plied.t dlidei 'thee Generl objections, hqudent thinel the pregent eaten;dr awdithigthe accounts ins oa - satis fatoy nater' . u:y of tose, officers were eafiien g but many were anstw They should he mnuch fewer tn hnu er ,thei'riile tin i 'shtuld be devoted to their duties, and their appointmytawhouad be left in the hands of the Poor Lhw Bord The- animosity of the hon. and gwlant member against this bill das exscited by The clzuses which would effcpt the abli;ion of the Ghlhert uons. The question theoil psehsud to conside'r ws this :-14 the systhe ,do the Por,or Law administrtiou as carredi an 99 instances oss of '.aer0 300 s by boerds of gutadians administering reief as a hond, ws te onwthe wholed a sound and beneficialasyaten for theo ratepayers, aund als for the fpoor themseltes, or was the administration adopted by the Gilbert unions tobe preferred, where the peaties ated with:out any system or any lawr, and just as they pleased?w It -wha on the part of the poor dho claimed relief that herged it was time these unions should be dissolved. There were oblyr 14 Gilbert unions .throughbut the. kingdom, t'he total population of '.which was '174,aJO, p hite the 'total poipulation undei the ordinary Poor lawac idsinistra- 'tion was IT,00,0O. He should be'indifbarent about these. smal local admincistrations if they were carried on proporlv, hut is complaint fainst these Gilbert unioH rars, that is far as tho boenefit o the poor was concerned they were not properly conduted. pAs rginded the education of the clil-o ! dren, which was a rery important psot of the duty oaf ie'e unions, it was entirely nea lecte in almost every one of them e and where edcation was attemapted to be given it waivs next to nothing, an what lherei ,s0 of it was tiserably bd. -In fact, in every mnaterial ' respect in which the law for the relief of the poor ought to be adauilnisterled these Gilbert unions were defective; and the whole sustem carried on under t'e Poor Law Amendment Act wan infinitely preferable .with regard to extra parochialctlaces,hattweretthe effecits otfthlcase s herdo Wereuearvy.dOO oe those places3in England ad anWales-soe 5m embein rt,sonueinth no populationm sioe of considerable, extent and some l with a considerable popalations The population of these 50a extra parchia places amounted to ;I,00h. Ina art of theug there ws 'bsolutely no mode of relieving ths peor. The Door had -no resource when in a staretof destittion, and gey-weremin thoserplaces as much without relien as if no Poor esabyad - ever passed. It was a disgrace to the coantry that this state of things should conlinue a day longer thanwas nocessaty. Ee pad found many hon. members laboaring under the i-pression that thosepereonts couldbeeliewed frhathe rtes of the adjocrmgparcshes. That was t ot the fact. Teriates of tEe adjoining parishes could not be- :leaUy so applied. - He had applications from parishes near extra-paroohial places, containig accoants of the grea test hardships ard suffering endured bythe poor of athes s extra-parochi ol places, and asking whether there were any means - of relieving-tose people besides, by private charity. [The right-hon.;gentlieman here read a letter which had been addressed byv a a bench of magistrates to the Poor pAw Board, ins. which they stated that they had littlo 'doubt the death of' a certain pauper living in an extra-parochial 'place had been accelerated, iE not causea, by a want of nourishmesit -during her confinemeont, whiot sh would have received in caso the relieving officerof thenionhad been at libertyttogiveit.] Then, in the case of 'p uper lunatics, the same evil existed. The lunacy Act applied to parishes only, andthereieving of ioer had no pow,er to deal w ith a lunatic belonging to an extraparochial place,unless the lunatic w¢as first removedintc' some jparish. beappealed to the House whether that oas a state of things which ought to continue. F9or his own part, he did so's like to -take upo himself the responsibility of athorUine cases of Stis kind to be ontineally occurring teithout endeavouring to provide afemedy.H e e N ould therefore ask the flouse to allow so much of the bil, at least, toi as a related to these extra-parochical places. He admitted that as regarded the otherproviions of thebrl,thoeywero opento considerable objection; and if any opposition should ces made to them he was prepared considerind that the period of the session as not favoudable to him, to postpone threpar ticns of of tbill. Butas thehon. and gallant gwhtleman, as wellmas every other honi member, maust be friendly to some provsion being madce to give relief to the destitto noor, he aid ase thatgthey w gould ot oppose that part of the measLre which applied to extra-parochial Thlaces. Therefore, if the douse would ass_ntto the second reading of the hilUl he would undertake, when the bill wient into committee, to lteive out prythig except that which related topthe relie f of poor in extra-parochial places. -- SiroJ. hlOLLOPE caled the attention of the right hon. gentleman tothe nmeros potitions tbathd beenpresentedw on the subject of medical relief. Nothing could be more unsatisfactory than the mode in wbhih. medical relier. wawsI now administered throughout the country. Pexhaps the medical gentlemen themsel-ves w ere somewhat to blame for this state of things. Under the operation of excessive com- etition, they had been induced to take contracts at a. lowerc scale ttan they could afford to do. -e himself knew caseso where the cost of the drugs waould absorb the whole amount paidtothe medical man,shus le3ring him without any. remaneration for his senices and to meet other expenses. As to any additionaleostwn hich amoreliberal allowance would cause, he thought he might referthe touse to what was pro. oed to be done for the preservation of the healthof the inabitautsa of thi metropolis alone. The whole amoant expended for-the medical relief of the poor throughor t n Whand and Wales was 250,0001. a-year. If that sum were doubl, t. would make only half a. million to prer,orve the, lives of the poor of Bngland. Surely the people would not i object to sach an expenditure 'for suLch a- puruposewhenixt was asked that they shoolvoto 3,000,000aL for the purposo e of draining and purifying this metropolis. On the contrary,j lie was uaito sure tho ratepayes -would most cheerfull assent to it. he shofld support-th bill, and regreottd that the right hon. gentleman had struck out so much of it. MIr. CARDWE1LLS wished-to say one. word with respect to extwr-parochial places. The bill wousld make those extraparochial places parishes wiithin themselves. That might be done, and yet'no great result attained. It was no ' remedy. They would continue tao employ,' as they' did at present,' persons living in the adjo;ning'parishes. In the city of O.xford Christ Church would by this bill remain a parish by itself 'sld yet the property. it contoined, represeating a value of 4,0001. a-year, woeuld not be aalled upon to contrihute'one penny towards a ptorrate. By the fci-sthi of the right hon. gentleman that; woald not have been the case. The first clause of that bill enacted that such extra-parochial place should, for theproses of the assessmentof the poor-rate, be deomed to be a part of the iarish by which it was surrounded, or of one of the aminesgHe parishesuLe understood, however, that that clauethri would have aie Wiser fo fonsdraMei npotition.o The present bill altered that clause tona much greater extent thanwias necessay to meet the justice of the casea because clause 4 still left it opitonal to an estra Parochial place whether it should he Joined to any parish or not. bhat' hewished to suggestwas whether ithmight notbe possible so to arrange the 4th clause as no's t leave it optonaltwithsthe residents, hut to make it, as a general rule, compulsory, andthen afterwards to adapt thatrle to the cirplmetances of each particular case. It would boe almost futile to pass abiwll wich was to contain nothing but the Clauses relting to extruatarohial places, uanless they made the measure in that respect perfect. Mr. ENLEY ounderstood that all the provisions of the bill were to go overbo3fdi, encewt the extra-parochial clauses. That' 'being so, he confessed that, even in regard to thate part of the bill, he was no's disposed to vote for the second reading; and he would shortly state why. The hon. gentleman said that those clauses related to 500 p,laces, and to a population 'of 30.000. It would boe difficult to sayhow great was the variety of circumstances existing in thoseplaces ;3nd itwouldbe equnally difficult to devise any general measure that should do equal justice to all. He had not any e.vidence before him to enable himto come to any conclusion upon the sublect 2and it was impossible that a matter of this importance, and -at this late period of the session,' could lairly be gone into. A nother subject - closely analogous to this had been postponed -he meant the rating of minse. He woula suggest to the, right hon. gentleman whether it would not bea wLer cot-se for him not to go int;o this matter nowv, bult i'n the beginning of another year to have a committee to inc1vir-e into all- these subjects, and obtain the fullest. information upor, them. The right hon. gentleman would then be able to legislate in a manner much more satisfactory to the country, and would also be able to do more justice both' to the parties to be relieved'and to the Peopie whose property would be most materially a£eced b it.lie conigratulated the hon. and gallant admiral on the successful effect of his very strong broadside on the right hon. gentlemaann (Laughter.) HBe did not like the change in the mode of electing the auditors, end he did not approve giving the Government patronage over the Divil poweriin that way. . He shouild oppose the second reading of the bill,. Mr. BARROW objected t6thoeHouse proceeding with a measure of' legislation which must neceasarily be altered naext session. He did not. think the present bill would answer 'the object it was intended' to effect. The time had .arrived when it was impossible to'avoid a revision and an alteration of the origial Poor waw Act; what was caled the common fund had become an enormous charge upon many parishes. There were large districts of Land in his own union which did contribute a sine fathing; and there were whole parishes tlat had entirely dropped out of the contribution. M r. WALTER sai he' mereli- rose for the purpose of joining his appeal wih that of the right hon. gentlmn -poete to the Prsident of the Poor Law Com mnsion, in 1 -E'hepe that the right l. om gentlema lr would be induced to complete the act of jric winhlch he had begun. in'withdra*i'3g the clauies relatmg'to the Gilbult Unions, by puting a E,od' face-'u the mDatter aid withrwhing thi whole =ae-. sue. ' (Hear,hesr."' It wics from no 'spirit of opposition to;the;object which the right hon.'gentlem had at-heart '-namely, the rating of extra-parochial plUce-thathemade this sMggestion. It was, undoubtedly, in anomaly that such 'places sduld exist, and he should have 'great plesre at any future time in assisting the right hon. gentleman in his endeavours to attain the object he was andious to accompEish,,. B,t there wa3s greaforce in the objection which had been made by the right hon.'gentleman' the member for the city of. Oxfor d. that tihere *ere' nany'plaet' ,*ef ,tbere -were no-poor, -and therefore to give a powrer of ~raismngrates in those places 'was a mete mockcery - and of no subst^antial advantage. (H:ear,'hear.), f bThe lon. member was proceeding with his observatiens, when he was reminded by the SA}; that the-time for the adjournment of the'House haiIarrived. " .he House reuumed at D o'locL ''''' - Petitions for Oiinption- from & o= l tsxtion were 'pesalntdbyMr.Y7AsrN r.APT, from d44otoe oftheachbdsche&d %iUte?aryInatitution; by Sir 'S. LAcoN, from-the Young Mazes inAltute, Great Yarnicutli ; and by Mr. BEAU5O?, from the BHxham Mechanica' Institute. Petitins for the privileRe of sppesring as advocat in, the Couy Courts rere .prveenQid y . 3 BELNTIC, rom1 certain clerlus to attorneys arid solicitors pnctisin1 at I Watt.,, in the coqoty,of .Nosfolk ;"by SirX, B.Ico;r fxmI several iartied clerhs of Greait Yarmouthl- by ir. SuiS DAleS, froml the lawr students (if W.askefieVcland by 31r BADJLD, from klr. P?ope. articlZdclcrk,-Celc1ester. Pttons for a mdreei of the giie&svacof tlhe aedical offil cersof uaionss were presented by Coleional Kx,Y (r2), front the Alderb,r benion and o ie e Tc bnra Union, in the county of Wilte, and frbtcormea lalalsoffbceys bf ulons ;bR I Siro; D1ir , froctbo meditt offioer'sof Eist Alord Union; a nd by Mr. GTOuLI, fiomH be medical ofticers of Che seford,et-ffie prtnHarbororh, tbe Scacoates, the Northicf ;h'd thia Stin. gh elios. -o -t- Petitions wer'e presenten tby Vorlone. SDy, from the clerks oif the Bicesiastrl Court 4 tYoz*. praying that they ightibenapointed to offioes equa din value th'isosn theof nowr hold, or be otherwiut compensated, should the bill now!r before Plarliament become l pw*. aaSo by Mr. -he ldoWRAY, from 31r. Henry Fawrcett, p:roctorsl maniaging cleric, Durham; iand by Mr. TOLI,UAHE, from the c lerks of the Chesterfoegistry-oAsice, praying for compensation in the eovent of ehe aboltion of the ecclosiastical court s Petitions. were also presented by 3Mr. DMSATT, from the chairman asnd other Poor Law guardians of the Union sf Skibbereen, in the county of CoLk said numerous o,ners and occuciers of land, praybng thit one-hal£ of the county cesm in Ireland might ba made pnyable by the landlord-; by 3(r. b. . EwV H, from mem bers of the Liverpool Finantial Reform ssociation, against lube Appellate Jurisdictionh Bill, as defective in itself; and a initolng both an invasion of the prerogatves of the Craon sod the privileges of the Com ons, and praying for the e3tablishment of an efficent Supreme-Court of Appeal * by lMr. MosrATr, from Ash-. burton A oan non estt against the Epatinof Mines Sil; by SirIG. B. PfrComEth, fiomn the tuirdFansvf the WAylesaburynin, complaintingofeertain provisionsfin the Poor Law Amendment Bill, respecting the appointment of auditor beiing placed in the hands of the Poor LJaw Board -an alteration of the lawv to which they object as extending {hat system. of centralization for which no necessity exista ~in the present case; by Sir E. DEsIrING, from the gn3rdians of the Favershams union, complaining that the gener al body of ratepayers.have no control over the expenditure of the county-rates and praying foithe introduction of the representative principle; bySirJ. WALsLsEY, from certain inhabitantsoftheborougI of Leicester,in faxvour of the Poor Lr.wAmendhent Bill' by Sir A. AeGhv, from the parochial board of Eirksolne, Wig towvshire, aainst the Scotch and Irish Pau rihioval Bill; by Mr. Buv XRE, from the inhabints of itehapel, praying that a provision may e inerted in the-Metropoitan Iasagement Bill, now before the House, for the purpose of abolishing ana prohibiting the m3nufacture and reburnino of animal charcoal within the limits of the metropolis - also; from in hitechapel, praying the House to extendthe antuority of the police withreference to cases of smoke nuisance in that parish; by Dr.MICuELL (2), from llrighton, against the Vaccination Bill; by Sir G. B. PECw=JLL, from the visitors and guardians of the parish of Alvers oke (otherwiso Gosport), incorporated under the provisions of Gilbets Act, stating the advantages under which the poor are managed, and that, vith a Dopulation of upwards of 16,000, satisfaction has beei given to the parishioners and the poor; that they have learnt with great regret that, in abill novw before the House, power is sought to dissolve the Gilbert Unions without the consent of the parishes which fotm the incorporation, or of the guardians which represent1 them; that a workhonse, with every accommodation, has been luilt, and adequate to the requirements of the parish, and that the management of the establishment has been repeatedly approved -by the Poor Law in8ejctor, and that in the report of the select commniKtee of 1844 and 1845, the Alverstoke incorporation was referred to in terms of high comraendation; and the petitioners, being of opinion that the proposed-alteration in the raw would not be attended with ary advantages commensurate with the evils attending the lissolution of the Gilbert Union, earnestly prayed the House:not to sanction the powe: sought in the bill for dissolving those inicorporatiois - by by Captain STIR;T, from the Comnittee of the i?roe testant Association, London, against the performanco of mnilitary bands on Sundays; also, from the same body, in favour of the Irish church; and by Mr. CAYai Y, from the visitors adil guardians. of Bain. bridgeaGslbsrt Union, in Wensleydale, against the clause3 in the Poor Law Amendment Act empowering the abolition of those unions. The hon. member referred to the petition as shoving the feeling of the district, but he regretted it was informal, because it referred to a debate in the housa, and could not be received. LOCAL CHARGES O1; SHIPPING. Mr. LOWE brought up the report of the Select Committee upon the Local Charges on Shipping. - REVENUES OF THE EAST INIDIA COW1PANY. Mr. OTWAY asked the President of the Board of Control whether thesum of 5001., which had been subscribed by the Chairman of the East Indla Company for the relief of the sufferers by the inundations in France, was to be charged on the revenues of India; and whether the subscriptions of the East India Company, or the sums ex:ended by them in public entertainments, were limited by any fixed regulation, and were subject to the control of Parliament, Mlr. V. SMITE said, the 5001. munst, of course, substantially be charged upon the revenues of India, and it was subscribed by the chairman on behalf of the company. From timo to time since the company was incorporated, it had been in the habit of granting chbaritable donations, and by the 53d of George IIL any such Elonation excecding 600. had to be submitted to Parliament. It was not necessary to submit the donation in question to Parlianment, but it had been subhnitted to the Board of ControL With regard 'to the hon. gentleman's second question, the company had Mvways bsenaccustomedtogive entextainmentstoGovernors-eneral and dfficers on -their return from India. The cost of those entertainments was not subject to any fixed regul.-tions, but it was submitted to the Board of Control, and was pretty much the same in amount every year. No estimate or vote on account of 'it wsas suxbmitted to Paiament. CONVEYANCE OF FEVER PATIENTS IN CABS. Mr. W. WILLIAMS asked the Secretary for the Home Department whether means had been adopted to prevent the use of street cabs for children's funerals and conveyance of persons infected with fever or smallpox to the hospitals. Sir G. GREY said, the Governmeut had no power by law to prevent street cabs from being used for those purposes, butin some parishes arrangements had been made to pro. vide cabs expressly for persons suffering from infectious diseases. Mr. W. WILLIA'IS asked whether the righthon. gentle: man intended to take any step in the matter? Sir G. GREY said, the subject wYrs under the consideration of the Government. CRIMINAL STATISTICS. Mlr. LIDDELL asked whether the attention of the Government had been called to the necessity of collecting and laying before Parliament further stat;stical information respeeting "crime and criminals" than was now furnished in the a"nual returns supplied by the Home-office. Sir G. GREY replied in the affirmrtive. THE ARRIVAL OF THE GUARDS. Colonel FRENCH inquired on wrhat day it was likelY that the Guards would make their entry into London, and when the whole of the British troops would leave th) Crimea?. Sir C. WOOD said, the arrival of the third battalion of Fusileer Guards had been telegraphed, tnd they were probably in Portsmouth harbour at the present moment. With regard to the Briti-h troops, the rghht hon. gentleman was understood to say that, with the exception of such as were employed in taking up the railroad, and removingstores, they had all left the Crimea. Sir J. SHELLEY adverted to the route for the entry of the Guards into London as published in the newspapers, and inquired, as that routewould not give to the inhabitants of the metropolis generally an opportunity of witnessing the passage of the troops, whether there would be any objection to alter the route and to a4opt that taken by the Emperorof the French when he came into the metropolis, namnely, by Westminster-bridge, Parliament-street, Pallmall, St. James's-street, and so into Hfyde Park? L Lord PALMERSTON said, that the only polnt fixed with regard to the course to be taken by the Guards, on their re- aurn to their quarters in London, was that they would come fiom Aldershott by the South-Western dRilwy, proceed from the railway to Buckiogham PaL-ce, passing under the eye of Her Majesty, and thence march to Hyde oark. there to be inspected in line. The intermsdiate route, between the two extreme points had not, he believed, yet been de terminedon. It was doubtf l whether the Guards would march from Vauxhall Station or Waterloo. '- Sir Jf. SHIELL.EY.-On what day wi ll the Guardis makse their entry? Lord PALVENSTOi said that maple notice oE the d wouldb engiven. a portion ofgthe G tards had, as stated by the First lord oF the Adrty, only just arrived at Portsmouth. : EW CHURCHS. Mr. THOR1IELY asked whether the vote in the &tlmates for building new churches would be taken to-night ? Mr. WISON said that asceruplainthad beenw madethit sufficient notice had not been given ot' the vote he should nottake it until next year. GENERAL BAETSDN. In reply to Colonel DuNese, Mr. PEEL stated 'that there would be considerable objection to the publication of the correspondence alluded to in a letter written by General Beatson, and printed in 2ir Times of Wednesday lat. - tAMERICA. Mr. H. BAILLIE inquired wlhetfer Mr. Dallh -had repreented to the Government that ho had full powers rt settle the Central Amaerican question, or whether he had any other powers than auclcas had been. intrused to iis poiessceor ? . Lord PALMESTON zeplied tht the Government ,understcod that Mr. Dallas had full powers to discus with -them the questions connected withl tlhe affairs of Central -America, and therefore he had powers whichM; Buchanan :had not. WILLS AND ADINITSTRNTIONS BILL. X Mr. MALINS said, he had undeistood the SolicitorGeneral to state op - Monday thit he rould 'not go on with this' bill to-night, as the hon. iiemler for Suffolk was obliged to go into the country to attend a cattle-show '(laughter) 'or some county busineks. He was, therefore, -taken by surprise to see it fixed as the"'second order of the day, and had not come down rpr ii iippr o the subject. is prepa with ii papers 'on The SOLICITOR-GEDNERA, r egtted that anything which had fallen from,n should hate induced the hon. and leamed gentlean tosay that the mQeber for Suffolk pweferred a e^orhdbe fidEr iftheebatea whihtheHueewa thenega ed theul tessinae onTueday,thoiliaoulu mov~~e thetPA ea teiht, hotio iscta the Hoa ielo. Int wasmiture the man's -W-LIMS roodaq aintaoe tso thembet stateet heof ld no9b atKan timeT " unre ate foia voteacus0aice. o tagtrd.) r.MAw,liuNhspveotiobe wth&Te- ti th xpost- )Mow W,e- SiLstano So advtd atotemp stto ment iofo the Siecrtar trteTsenatlonr, That-, vote ofte that~ forhe dm Ticehe CHad ELn.a ofubeo the HouseQ hM had neve cbvte asnto eotponed ithe votle stae thlt thmesm Croslfwi etatber;ibut the~at'-that 'IO nthem waoert wofy nCiowkn hadtoeehe surrendered to theheuvote wtsought MhartE-menIberDo theocugchth oountyIasd greatltay an dexap from the ho issentlemas,d havdingd nle chttenton ato thissbe ctI. Hewa ofradtat e tXhisQwas taid thatenas bhe-vote paurto b pstpndi ol e at m tos ether intoendsction-o hespoecntootingut etshouldeonent hisr.el f with obyerving,r ththhe en gentleman ofta os wofl mistaken as tothe gRoundsiitr Con eh'ichten votewars pro the suppl Iemenar thogh lethmt hetounr was grD l n debte tothexe ho1. g-entlma fWordhving callhed ttention the thisnt sundet H wasc afrai tohatti was rntttd the oamece ofent cofmamiewsioeris, wofrianiientry. grats foartwr church- atheafor intenutinousth Goernmento -to tiuthe ~prezsent, offlare tof 12rovia-er for lsfthe xenmo education of the soso ciohns atofier,i the Ro iiaryf Colege navn, asdt appxeatrs b dons ecvlas nofocer7? sa.year?~ Accordin to- the tberm o the waxrenteo undeir whchotheng board wasd constiatutednth Thois sof commissonr'snl, to whadtist 71 ers-ditsi u faite werebond tor-afford toan gatouitou eduatifon -to the orhans ofth oamficers, tohroie forn,l~h xess ofofiesbdbedi.nceasod tof the sroin4.n h rhns of officers, instete~ad nv,and tof reducteth sos ofcivtliats 'ddstfor bad tsu -as froul 40 vcr the].7 expnss ofy thei lothig, -'hard,-e 3and inl.stuction. This Indceaed, to wans -moun tharyngsl-pprig fro 2?.'or1 . twhe sum pcaidb-h os of ofvi iep s had. been ntheireduction 7it only ost the College 75?:., and' the balance went to pay 1, I0.- a-year, withx other emiolumients, to. the governor, 5,3001. a-year for the education' of offiers in the senior defartment, andaothet- charges which ought to be defr#yecl by he Goverrnment ; and, moreover, during the last five years therewas an accumrulation of nibney unex pended,wamounting to m6re,thin 6,000?., 'which 'had been piajd. by the sons of civilians. The consequence, of this exorbitant chargei was, that the great bulk of the officerm in our marching regiments were deprived rotansto of- whe beniefits of a military edua-s tion. He woulia"lso suggest thatthe holydays of thocadets should bealtered soas tobhecoincident with-the holydays of the public schools,- in order that members of the -samnt family might have achbance of eti ng at homne.- - Coloiiel DIJNNB askced whethier it was the intention of the Government to advise Hei- Majesty to grant compensation to the army engaged- inL the siege, for stores, &ac., takcen at Sebastopol? At the concalusioni of the last war such comspefisation was granted to the armies emnployed in Sp,ain and at the battle of -Waterloo; and it bad 31so been given to the armies engaged in our various wars in India, and that in China. It was true that the -stores taken at Sebastopol vere not of so mauch valise as those taken inL Spain, but still they were considerable in guantity. In the Karabalnia quarter there were taken 2~909 guns, of which 1,770 wer serviceable, and many of themn were brass pieces, 257,00 solid shot. 60,000shells, '30,000 grape shot, 3,200,000 or 1,500.000 live shells, 417,0001b. of gunpowder, and 436,000 ,rounds of small-armn ammunition, besides a considerable quantity of provisions. As ho could only give the-quantity Of stores tak-en in the other parts of the town in. kilogrammnes, he Nrould not trouble the House with it, but -would- only ray that their value Was considerabIe, more than that of those taken in the Karbalnia quarter. The greater por tion of the army would not participate in the trium phal entry which was to be accorded to the Gnads but would -insteadabe sent to the West Indies or other dis-tant colonies, and be thought that they were -entitled to some rewardinstead of the prime which had been taken. Lord PALbiRSTON said, it was true that in former wars, in which projper ty of great value had been taken from the enemy, an eqtuvalent had been distributedl among the -troops! e-ngagedl in the operations as p riemny Inth tresent instance the valneof the pub o roperty Captured had been so small that, if divided, -it would not amount to, mnore than 2s. 6d. for eDach officer and 6d. for each man; and it was thought ht sums so small would be considered rather a mnockery thanL a reward. It was therefore not intended to propos a grant of so small an amount, -- Captain L. VERNON rose to ask the Under-Secretary for War whetherx it was intended as a rule of promotion in the Scientific Corps of the army, that no subaltern officer, however -he might have distingnished himself in that -rankc, could - be advanced to a brevet ma-- jority until he should -have again subsequently dietinguisbed himself in the rank of captain? and to call attention to the inexpediency of such a regulation. The hobn. and gallant meniber said that no such rule as' this -peva-iled in the line, in which bi-anch of.-the servicesa liutenant or ensign who distinguished himself might at once bepromoted to substantive rank eitherinthis own or in some other regiment. The operation of this.-rule would prevent the Engineer officers who had distinguished themselves before Sebait6o I from' receiving the promotion to -which they were fa-i-rlyentitiled, Mir. PEEL4 in repl totequslnrspcigSnli College, obsered tha1t the estimate laideone the table only covered nine asontha of the year, and favoured the inf6rance that the cost of eah-cadet was 100?-., and mot 751. a-ya as the bon. membher for Richmond seemed to suppose. I was possible that M2I. per annum was in excess. of the sum actually incurred in the education of a cadet, an&lhewas not aware that there was any intention to lesseni the charge; but, if it could be shovsin-that the recepipts of theo college -Were in excechs of the expenditzxre, it might be well to consider the propriety of effecting a proportiossat reduction in the sius payabIe by the pupils. lIn answver to the question of the hon. and gallant member for Chatham, ,it should be stated that in no branch of the service was there a rule preenting a officer who had distfinguished himself as a subaalnternL from receiving, after ho had been made a captain; a step of Military rank. in recognition of services rendered 'before he had been promoted to his captaincy. Hlebadl himself known a case where a subaltern of artillery hlad, on. becoming n -captan, been rewarded with brevet rank for his services whilea subaltern. It was not desirable, however, that there should be any positive regulation onx the - subject; for, if there were, service rendered may years previously might ho thought to constitute a claimi to brevet promotion. The scienitific Corps was in no -worse position as regarded this matter than any other branch of the service. I Mr. BAILLIII expressed a hope that Government would inquire -without delay into the income and expenditure of nThe Eluestablish ent, intsoudb bornettee the Su tate. was byrs notmewans fi that to eia he sosxfpivlinse sh ouldb fittings, &e., of British Embassy-houses abroad. Mr. WISE observed that,though: the vote had boeen assented to by the committee to which it had been referredl and,of which he was a member, he regarded - it as an uan-satisfactory one. Fortunately, there wvas little likelihood that the circumstances which had given rise to it would occur again. Thereohad been fora lonm series of years apro.- Ifligate expenditure on account of ihne Embassy-house at Paris, but the matter had-been brought under the notice of Government, and there was reason to hope that the President of the Board of Works would exercise such control - and supervision as would prevent t'he recuLrrence of similar evils for the future. W-ithin the present centur upwards -of 127,000?. had been expended upon the Embass-hduse at PAris, and yet, after that enormous outlay, the establishment'was in such a state, --accordingtothestatementof fr. Albano, thatasumof20,0001. 3more would not suffice to put it in proper order. This con. dition of affairs was hardly to be wondered at when it was considered how little carewas bestowed upon the preservation of this species of public property. A striking examiple of this was presented in the fact. that a public auction was allowed to be held inL the state apartments of the ambassador's- residence, -while their costly furniture and fittings were left wholly unprotected from the damage consequent upon an influx of the populace. -The czhaorgen cuired for the Embassy-house at-, Madrid offered anter in- 756. -ad eenpai toMr.Aihno ortravelling expenwse incientl t th sueritenenc ofan expenditur4 of u~on hat hat entlean dsign te "a sudhoutbe! sir. STAtFFORD-ro-- to protest against, an inemstiouao attemptedl to be cast 'upon the late Sir W. Molesworth, when this estimate was last 'be-fore the House. Although he had differedim, politirs from the right hon; baronekt, he could ntot be silent while, an injustice was appareintly doneto ia emoy. (ear her.)No. doubt a vicous -5~te ha hthetoben prsed n hePub lie Works Dae psiieen; buac exarinaionof the matter Wa coivin4d im tht n - lae wateerfor that sutat Of thigsfailyatachd o he at Sr W. Molesworth. Bir 3.JErHAtL szM. - that '%n. a for aet occastoif he Xad. certiinly Alluded Io the 'bd-s-tm hich -revile Hin te.ofc ihwih ews provnect& o ys nsnkio tpu anLE enderto that, sytem it wh'ear- fromt'noth ceortlo thae bencrte-fommte this tho ughsi ta§ss the Ifinen ua-nowr eDngderaviourhnd ton correctheudbted defecatsof -fos te io---It'wa-n mewhat-extrordiar.r-that piat -itdividnsaZ couilphd . vebuildios erect. t in, ezIwito,; ln t ohfif xie..efioun7yed i y toeverwo t(tA fo- : ur Bo.erA ta sindtt, i .nd as the alletions- -ad 3 sitc iose bd, he inled tie prevdsneo -iv that -ay e pital. .f an almos03t ;un satl Bstem of'-vilasy where the wa-, bAladoes Ugc W 0e0A. ih ated for the futuro, e ainly -Mht it quite uIMfelt sthtanarcidetett .fof eeiineaot hn b t vter to Pbare merely to xerintend t wodb puf tloos and matte s- of thaind, which ma ithbe *~effdW14drtJ1 direction oF 5 persorn of ve7 inedo: 9irB. HAL atatdtCh t, as 80oo1 as the ession of Parlia. T oed, lr e itended to send to Ps one o£ he oiffieers ataeeto IdE deprtment, wrho wrould report to hint whla: ep weret reqof inl tie srucrtue of t}e n abasstdoris hous, tand e only expense warithhich the oedntrld be adlE would o e the trvelling expense of -that indit lal. lie alsointeded to aspoint,a )raetical man to-resd atPXaridbto souid be ab u to keep tbe aosaeina-c,airn -with wll aound e of tradery on the spot, anwho tohla shotulceive at high salary. - Mr. W. -WILLAMSt felt sufiscient coofideneeinthe riht hon btroet to- believeatihAt under his control ma end would be-put to the di ,rediles.ateof thingsGwhich had hitherton The vote was then agreed to. On the vote of 8275forthem ointebaneof hed Btia. Proteetant cemetery at H adrid, Mr. WISy obeerved that ldr. o-banomhad been sent over to Marid to snpermintd the -building of a small lodge ad a waoundo theemaetert , on the.anderstadingothat le shosidbeceive 3O0L as fall comaensation for his services and travelling expenses. A,ew as ater Mr. AIbno arrived at Mdrid the redolution broke out, and he was detained there sih beenk - The Governgent, in considerat-on of the lose thst gentle_an sutained in -his own business in corsequence of iO a prolonged abtsene fron this scountry granted hin an sdditionv.lsa. of q0ter; andalthoeurh,se der the circumstances, he lrer. Wise) did not compelain of that aWrran soet, he thought works of such insigninicance rnight have been effected under the superinteuden ce of sotme of the attachi of the embassy, or of the consul at lMadrid. i The vrote w ag agreedto.t a The nextsotk as 22S,9501. for the disembodied snlitia. Colonel NORTH sai, it appeared from this vote that the - pay of the permanentfstaff of She miitia s to ber onsiderayreduced, andthat the non-comnsioned officers who had for the last two or three year been occupyg very reodonsible positionswrere, asdutieward for theur services, to receive diminished pay. The pay of these non-comnmisaioned oficers had been-fora sergeantmajor, 3s. a-day; quatermaster-serjeant, 2g. 6d.; colour-sergeant, 2s. 5d.;sergeant, s, 104. It appeared that, in future, the sergeantmajors3 were to reeive ls. lOd., the quartermaster-sergeantse Is. wd., and "te colosergeants and sergeats, ls. G. If hie dl ere carried oat the country would be in the same position in which it was atpthe tunettemmilitiaowere embodied two aears ago, when there was nou a militia staff throaghoutthle itngdom worthy of the ncame of soldiers. {Hear.4 The members of that staff received such tricfing pay, that most of them had boeen compeiled to become petty dealer and -trvaficked almost as hucksters. Nowv, the non-commissioned officers, during the last two years, had i the discharge of their dyties given the utmost satisfaction- to thir commanding offcers. Eon. gentlemen were tware that they could not get what were called csedgotcarpentersn or hedge-masons" to wtor on their estates foro less thn 3s. or 3s. 6d. a-day, and yet it wras proposed to give men -who were persons of education, and who had filled most responsible situations thetniserably pittance of is. 10M4 a-day. If this plan *ere carried out, could theydexpect, when-kthetservcsofthe militia were again required,to find in its ranks men worthy to fl the positionof non commissioned officers ?tHe thought that every man who hore the uniform of the army ought to heoplaced x ndernthe orders of theaConbnander-in-Chieft but whe he the militia were embodied two years ago the officers who arpped for instuctions to the Home Secreetar were referred by that right hnn, gentleman to ther-sohse Guards; they uere sent by the Comn bnnder-in-Chief to the War Department, and months fassed before they were ablento obtain any isttrctions. Aet Iglaa most able officer, Golonel Pierrepoint, wvas uppointedasistant-adejatant-_eneralvof theltiaforce. That ofsiicer had ivelr univesal satbisfaction, but nov, having filled the position for two years, and having become faul conversant with all the details of the offic, he hdd received notice that the appointement was to e!discontinaed. In the csse of the permanent staff of the militia no one hut thefull colonel ould inteufere with the adjutant; and thelientenant coloneowho had coamanded a reg,iment forfive years might, the daye aterlitwas disembodied,bbe refused admission to the barracms by the adjtant. 3he asked whether that wss a state of things. which should be longer allowred to es ist ' The next point to which he would calU the attention of the Government was the position of the qutiera nsters. In some regiments quzartermasters had been appointed, hut in others the duty had been done by anbalterns, who received an extra alowance, and only those men who had been conmmissionLed as quatermadsters were now to be placed on the permanent staffi There were some cases in which quartermassters had resigned and done the duty as subalterns, in orderto receive double pay, and those men mut of course beisatisfied with the arrangement; hut surely men who had refussed the appointment of quartermaster because their commanding offlcers wished to -have the benefit of their services as suhalthres ought to be placed On the permanent st ff. ThereweretobStwoesrgetnbsbo a compsny,bathe would suggestthat the nraber shoaldnbe increased to three, orthat there shoud beone sergeant andtworcrorals. Theacomnties would he obliged to find-quarters for half the sta and he wanted to knowr what wvas to become of. the other hai -if they were alowed no bioletroney. The t mielta ought to have the same advantages with regardto the price of rations as the linLe. He wouLld next call tbetattenthon of the Governmnent to some of the regulatisons respecting, non-commnissionedoffnpersin thearmy. A corporal whohadobtine Ithree or four good wervice badges losti hisf d. a-avy for each of-those badg. sdirect he became a sereant. (Hear.) In consequence of this hle, a corporal had refused his offer to be appointed'ser sant because his responsibility wonld be in.re-u&'a nd hisiemuneration diminished. If a corporal in the infant with foar badges accepted the appointment ofsaergeanLthewrouldloso 2s. 9d. per month; and in the casecofma sergeant in the. cavalry the injustice was still greater, for, while a corporal wibt for badges received lls I8s. 94. per month, a sergent received only 1L. 3s.b There was not a more -worthy class of men in ter hfejestys domiriors than the non-commissioned offices. of the army (hear), nd they ought not to be treated ma this antner. Iehoped the aendtr-Secretar of Wuar would he able to give some satisfactory explanation with respect to this gross injustice.- thr. PELATT begged eo corroborate the sHatement made by the hon, and gallant officer. A betrer body of men could not eist thans thesgeant in te army. a They performedf - duties on parade, in the barracas, and assisted in keeping acconts,and werevery ill paid or the senices they performed. -Mr. Pe said that fthestff of the disembodied militia w iere to be paid at the same rate as the staff of the emnbodiedmilitia the country i would be put to great espose. The non-commissioned officers formhing prt of the permanent ' staff had other sources of income bes theirpay, receiving eUsionsforwtheirservices in theline *andhe sawno objection; to their carrying on any trade which did not interfere with r the performance of their military duties. The meilitia, when embodied, were under the Horse Guards, hut, when disembodied, the mnilitia were deemed to become a Parliamentary or constitutional force, and not a portion of the army, and were not then rnder the authority of the Horse Guards. He did not see that there would be any advantagein traferrnthemtothe Horse Guarbds, though it might be desirable that an of icer of the line should occasionaly inspect the militia staff, and -he should be liad to see by such means the military spirit of this forc kept sp. The hon. and gallant gentlemsLan was in error in supposrng that under the present law the counties were, compeed to provide quarters foru hal the permanent supf. It was made compdlsory on the magistrates at ouater sessions to pronde storehouses, but not quarters The permanent sta±j ehovieveri were just as much entitled to biet money as if the regiment -were in an embodiedstat. With egard to what the hon and gallant officer had observed respecting the pay of sergea;nts and corporals in the line, he had to state that a corporal must have served S0 years ia the ranks as private adcorpoalbefore his pay could be on alevel with that of a sergeant. He would take care, howsever, that -the subject should receive proper consideration. Lord C; HAMILTON; did not think that the country would derive an advantage comrmensurate with so large ant expenditutre by the proposed arrangemnent. It coutld not be Iexpected that the men who formed the disembodied staff Icould keep up- a military apPearanCe if they were paid' Iat a lower rate than the humblest labourer. When this scale was originally fr_med labour was not so well - remunerated, and these men had then, no doubt, an advan- tage ever ordinary labourrs3, hut DOwV the case ws different. By compelling these men to become small itadesmenthere would be -no chance of keeping up a military spirit among them. Those militia- sergeants wvho were old soldiers 'would be able to support themselves re spectably by meas of Sheirpensions, but heee sergeants -who had been promoted from the ranks of the militia, and who, generally speaking, had been found to be of the - utmost service in their different regiments, had no such aid, and wrould beA very differently situated. Such a distinction as this onzht not toe drawn. It would be agreat advantase if rations could be served out to these men at contract pnice. (Jolonel ]BUCK expressed the- gratitide felt by himself snd his brother officers of' the militia for the manner in which their xrviee had been acknowledged in that housau acknawledgmient which he believed both offices and men ha dwell deserved Therewere, howerer, Dome gri6vanoes 'of which the militia- complied, which he thonght weU. orthy ofte attentionof the Hous., - One Ws that - in - ouniesin which th ere-wa more than: o0n0 regtnu:t- ofniliti the lord-lieutenankw who-had-the entire -contrd of -the militiawhhen dieenbodied;- wa usually the olonel of onae regimnen'the interests of which mnight clah with thoe of some other. The lord-lieutenant 6uih- in his opinion, to be a perfectly independent prty naving -no oon- nexion with anyrsgimet. In e ire there were two regiments,- the South Devon, which ws No. 25 on the list, andt;he Exst Devon, -which vas No. 41; the latter regiment was commanded by the lord:lieutennt, and by somejualery he had- ot it made the 1st Devon, and the other regiment, whicileby agesnd-position on the list had the precedence, the 2d1 Devon. He maust &Lqo -complain of I the mterference with the-artillery practice of his iment at Devonport, in consequenoe of some letters whica were addressed by Lord. foiunt-Ed-gecuinbe to the War-oice. Having some time ago given notice that he sbould move for tie production-of this correspondence, he (ColonelBack) revd frfn the niht hon. gentleman the Clerk of the -Ordnaico (Mr. 3lonsell) a noto offering to allow him lio see the letters. Accordingly he (Colonel Bnuc) -went to the War-offlce, and &w - them. The principal letter was one -from Lord dlount-Ed -be, ompn tt the artillesy practioe, whica ie l' atna da 'of two nsia C fb6R hlloiso ,' -*oty diuagpvisbk f.' is, and ating that le we - going to build upon .am g'm aIJoining the fortg4 sa" he. wasirss%d it woud injure t&as p .pp*y. Ait wa ry all jois that oa gre$ -man s:uld be intrdlwdi bya , t let4r w aeeemapied b ne froa. Ld .l n. It l .mtzfitbdac t oioa ( Btwk) -h o e Ib . doo itwas not a To , abt a P - W l- 4mii,WMthe-T T Id NoZI' m*+r i emoselec td'. Ahim. Th lost4 hra< bfeu sr*ubttefd to the noble lord at als hand d .thi army and to the colonel of the Royal ArtlJesy * Deisnport, who had ocorred in the ar*raUAt. At the eiest of the Clerk of the Ordnance, be (COlonl BAk p ed a statment f the rorn why he theougtthatit w -Ijrious tothe public serviie. This saeet wassem to tle noble lord and tire ,plant colonel, Vim h4aslrer ,pre,ouanoed their opinios upon the matter; and, a i*t hai been expectod, they said that the public service Woult 310 no injur. He haidly knew -nything alagos t this, except hlrat waesLg I n theooe o1 dlianit. ;where t r Chancer frequnt y.-hau and decided adPPeal frorn his o:. -wn! -Teh remlt of thse l,ccadin W14the4 the ground 1- -artillery practioe Wa coul yl being c W ige th&lat year it had bme rsmoed from Drake's7Iln o citadel a considerable distanoe oE and nohn od. j nore unfortunate than the selectiore of sueh apot, for. r onlY Was it far too remote, but the rage crosed the line ef the vessels passing to and from the rbour of DevoeaL The.ourney to the place wam partly by sea nl pa - lnd,, and the milita had not only to erow in ^ paddlebo lent by Lord Xount-dgernube, butto ah three or for rnilel. The consequence Wag a loss of time whieh occmiooeg not cnlyiinconyemenos bet erious injury to the service, fo64 in at weredesired that the militia artillery should be kept. i of complete efficiency, it was indispensable th*: therei should be no unnecesery encroachment on the petioV set saido every year for exercise. (Heard) The Govern.- maent were At present, at at enormous cost, comeleting-t lines at' Devonport,, whichAthe late,Dke of iWellinuto regarded as wholly useiesi and which- would certainly newver 3eep anzbez out of ltht place, except thu peopliq PIYout'h. (mug ter.) Eaving condemnedceertinother fortifications in the neighbourhood of Plymouth-.at being unsound in their- ,onstruction, the hon. ae yallant gentleman concluded by expressing a1hp* thatL no time would be lost in appointings* commtisson to investigpte -ilhe question of our defenDe relatiha to the modern scielece of wAlrfre; and by reaoca+ mending that an officerof saarine artillery, a captin in tb Avy, nd Mr. Ferguon and some other gentlemen who hadi direded their atention to tbe subject of fortification shouliE beincinded amonli the commissioners. - '!r. 3ONSELL saidthatthefortatPlymouth, which iht Lon. Sad Jant gentleman had aeverelycriticised, wa,inthe opinion of SirJ. 3urgoyne-than whom no higher authoritn could be cited-admirably adapted for the purposea of iti conseuction. The samenhigh authority was equaliy oppose to the lon. and gallant-meinber-in reard to the linesat thai: inostimportantstation, Devznport, and had decided in favor of theirbeing proceeded with. The third point referred:t. by tho hon. and gallant officer was the alleged grieranoc caused by the removal of the artillery practice at Devroni port from one place to another. In matters of this kind; undoubtedly, no distinction ought to be made between ce clam of Her Majest's subjects-nd another; but, the cogxplaint of Lord Mouat-Edgeanmbe having been referred tethe Director General of Artillery, and also to the commnuding officer of that corps, it was not considered that any injury would be donieto the service by limiting thSb practice to the aituition in -which it was now carried on' Thbe views of the hon. and gallant member on thiur subjact certainly had not been ado P btut that circumstance-gale him no right to talk as he had done of grossjobs, orto ma the most unfounded charges egainsta department which, iii this instance, had only followed its usual course of EaelhAg the- best advice, and then acting u n it. If th1e hora and gallant officer could suggest a tetter plan than the one that had oeen pursued the department would feet extremely obliged to hin; bat he ought to remember that a bad case could never be mtended by the flinging about ce randorm and unjust imputations. -' Colonel GILPIN called atenfion to the fact that, in*i1f` matter of the gratuities allowed to the militis regiments oV disembodiment, the paymasters were put upon a worse footing than the subalterns. - 'i, Mr. PEEL said that when militia regiments -were discembodied all the officers ceased to draw pay, bat as the psay masters must be occupied for some time subsequentlyi4 settlin, their accounts with the War-office, it had beev, arrgedthatthey should recii.ve fl 1 pay for three montha, and at the expiration of that time a gratuity ofthreemonth. Coloael NORTH thought the position of capt"ans X militia was one of peculiar hardship. (A laugh.) Hon. genlemenmightlaugh,butit wasuolaugbingmatterfortheaofficera themselves. The regulation respecting the property quitlif;. cation of militia officers had been relaxed, and the Government had availed themselves in that force of the experifence of officers who had been for five years in Her Majesty'g service. Those officers had toiled incessantly for the last two years to bring the militi into an efficient state, ron4,h& boEleved, in consequence of the expenses thev had incurre4 from theinju,ry done to azrms by recruits, an~d, from othorcircumstances, there was hardly a captasin of militia rhn would not retire from the service with a pecuniary loss of atleast 501. Mr. COWAN expressed a hope that measures woul& speedily be adopted for altering the system of billetinrsoldiers in Scotland. * Sir W. JOLLTFEE thought the present-was a legitimrat&occasion for urging Upon the Government the claims ofthe militia force, which ring the last two years had rendered services that he beiieved hald been highly appreciatedhy th+ country. He regretted that the Under-Secretary for Waar as of opinion th,at the non-commissioned officers -of the permanent militia staff ought to depend in a great meas upon ofhat they cold earn .in adldition to their ply. He (Sir W. Jolliffe3 considered that the permamnent staff shoet be requ ired to pay such constasnt attention to' mihiei.ry oute thatfif thetsevicesof theBmitiaereain reoinre they might-be able speedily to bring the raw lyies into in state of efflciency. e woished to knoh -what rere tho int-etions; of the Governmenti with regard to the annual trairin lnd exrcise of the mrsemboded a iiEtia? -aHoe coin lainim that ofslate it had been left to the lord-ieutenantsi of coue-n tiesto decide whether themdiiaregiments shouldlotrsihould or not, as wellas to the ti,ile and plact of such trininig. UJp to 18S5 these matters wrere arranged by ordersiiil Council, and he saw no reason why that p.iactice shoul1h4 departed from. - -i 3-r. l'EEL remarved that nm act passed in nii±fim posed1won lord-lieutenaits the duty of flxingthetine and and Place. lere disembodiednregiments of hoiitia should bt ex:ercised. - - Sir J. JOLYIEE wvas aware of the act of lr5-, but ehi quosFion was who shouldd decid- whether a training shoul~ tal-e placeat all, or not. His own impreselun was, that the mcoilita couldbetrainedonly with the permission of Hbu Majesty, communicated throueh orders in Council. R amor. PEEL observed, that a militia regiment must.n e trained once in every year, ar,d the object of the act'o£ 1s54 wsnto leave iteto the lord-icutenant to fix the tigbic and place. In the event of his not fixing e ny time or place iti would then be the duty of thetar-office to interfere. Sir J. YimtprsLEo apprehended that a lorsdedieaentan could n-it call out the milit.ia of his owzn accord, but; must be set in motion by an order in Council. deaferriie to the "lines' at Plymouth, he said, the universa opinioni amongmiliiaofficerswas,lthao a greater absurdity never was invented, and recited a story current in the neighbousehood, to the effect thatioenthhe unkeof Weldington b isited the w orks some years ego, somthing w toich he said made tucU an impression that operations were sustmendod as Hoer as he ived, and were only reunmed upon hls death. The "lines," in truth wr aethrow;ing away of money, afirn there could n dtbe a more miserable place for the acommodau tionof teoopstha Biddlecombe. The water wiashothdefective inqualityd deficient in quantity, shioethe wallswereraiae& on such a had foundation thatithe gns could not be fcredfoy fear of bringing them down. But the point to wheich he -ished to called attention as to he system Gf itlleteS He wastawrae that the Government could not abolish it atonca but it was their duty to get rid of it as soon pobeible, for nga arrsngement could be wmorse tha that of placing veryyoune mendin the commonwpublichosesof get town. (Hear.) If the Government could prov.ide the men with themea_s of procurint lodgings in private houses, they wouled deserve anc rdceirethe thanks of everysilitia officer in the contry, wfhile conferring a great benefit upon the community generall. (Hear, hear.) W ith respect to the paymasters, it-was I mistake to suppose that they w ere placed on the sauS footing as other subaltern offioers, beause, althougan they received Itotree mouths' pay after their reg^. ments were disembodied, they mwere retaine ali head-quahtess during the hzvole of that timc, wrhich subjected them to considerabl.e. extr expense With respect to the adjutants, their case could be ensipderedat a future time, as they -were permanent officers of the Etaff. With resyect to the captins of the militia, origipally constituted, they were to be gentlemen of ladgt property, and he did not think that gnerly h ey had an peculihr rlaims on the Governmient* but in the ase of oa -fewyountmeu who came into the militia from the line, there might bersomething said. They hd shotn thesulve-ious ta do their duty ao the sountry, and had been ptL to expense beyond their me ns. h lord C. MAMThTON thoug,ht lit somewrhat hard Oen -the paymatr that they were not to receive any lodgiig~ mone, cd epresada hpe that, asi thdey had manY oi thennbeen put toexperne to obtamn securites ind as they -would have three months' hard wrork to prepare their ac3 -counts, the three months pay would relckon from the t;ime these accounts were passed, so that they might not sufferfrom unavoidable delay at the Warofflce in passig thotc -accounts. - - -Lord PAi,EESTON could assure the House that th. Government were fully sensible of the gret- public utlilp of the miitia, and were moi desirous that the militis. -ibnold be kept in sich a conditics as to fauy meet the put.. poee for -which it e-tahlished. Any fair libewgii to tie officers on buini disImnodied would be,*ptlre1yZe eordce WMt the wishs of the GoeDamnest. Wi)k regardto the paymaster, if their acoomnas were IrOPWerl lcept, the duty of setting theos aecoonts wol Yac be, very hard one, and they could norrpoMa 'with fth o'W-.- office, as 'el from one ple as another, jo that they @oel&. sLect their rsidenoe 'herethey pleased_ The Goyermnp were quite seniible of the value of the arilley brnc et the militia. Indeed, he might teke some crdit to-himaet on that ccount, becnuse as it wras his dty as HIome Sert tay to arrnge the distribution of the corps, when the militia was formed, he, for the firt time, eetablshe& lapge number of artillery re,iment, amounting forthe wbole -of the united kingdom, to betwei16,00 DndlS,l00 men. No doubt they were most valuabla cors, and, havingliad acces to-I-lie returns of pctic, wa aware thLthe one at BarUiaple had shown great i- .:a ; mideed, he believed no et of the r -toaI ar Lad ai4y 'greffilKernc. With to the foit& ad la}s at Plynouth, thcateatIuneAir.e¶EmM u- h e the Oetainwl oh iey o .i " URs, The 3atte ha ad s ea
WILLS AND AD3INISTRATION BILL. TO THE 3DrITOBOF THE TIMES. Sir,-The Governnent]ill seemsto provide very tenderly andliberally in its compensation clauses for the 149 abo lished proctors and a nunerous staff of ejected rei'strars (including a fortunate young lady and a tender suckling); and I should be glad to lknow on what principle of justice it happens that no compensation ,s to be allowed to the surrogates who may be aff,cted by theneew bill, and who.by vtirtue of the responsibilify of their office have an equal sight-with the above to be compensated for any loss they msy sustain. I arn, Sir. yourso ley.. - A SURROGATE. .
F.oME EL4 ,ooN._-Tr. Donald Nicoll, of London, has issued an address ro the electors of Frome, in which, alluding to his defeat at the last election, he. says:-" It was not unreasonable tha;, at. the last election, a popular young nobleman resident among you *nd supported by lotal influences of various kinds should succeed in securing your suffzages; and most sincerely do I congratulate you that his Pailiamentary conduct has been to such an extent in favour of liberal mneasures; indeed, so satisfactory has it been that .J s&ould not have exposed your borough to the evils of a contest had the vacaucy been such that it could have been filled up by the re-election of his Lordship." Referring to his opponent-Major Boyl-, the- brother of their late representative, the present Ezla of Cork-he asks whether they are contenti to commxat their sacred trust to one so youthful and inexperienced; to have their interests as a manufactrIng commercial town zepresented by a gentleman whose military position must to a great degree disqualify him. for such a post;. whether they are desirous still to be represented by a -scion of the aristocracy, or by a man whose glory it is that he is " one of the .people," and, lastly, whethor they would consent to become the nomination borough of .the noble house of Boyle, and so falsify the declaration once made with so much confidence and determination-"The key of the borough of Fromie shall never go to Marston-house " Having expressed his confident belief that, with, all the regard many of . them entertained for the British peerage, they were not yet content to- be handeed over froma brother.to. brother,either atitEe behest of a nobleman or -at the pleasure of his political agent. Mr. Nicoll asks for their support as one whose interests * are identifiel with trade, and as a man . whose 'political principles .:have, been .'long proved to be thoroughlY Liberal, and who, though IIno leveUer," would sec:re the rights, political, social, and religious of " all clasas" .of men. His political principles he states to be such asl recalculated to produce realParliamentary reform--viz., an extension of-the suffrage and widening of constituencies;'&a siarching financial reforn, * tending to a large reduction in. taxation ; -an. extension of ireligiowu freedom, including& a withdawkil of national support to the Irish ehureh; sin opposition to the continvance of the-Mayn6oth grant; tbe total a'oli ion.of churah-rtes, and a determined opposition to all measures tending to pro -nioto Puseyite sentiments ; znd,isstly, a devoted attachmen-. to thi ballot as thce only mean3 of procuring freedom 6o election. In conclusion, Idr. Nicell adds that he is a stanch supporter of Administrative reform, and will, if returned a;. their -representative, support every measure tending t) throwopen the civil and mlitary service of the couatry t * all classe upon equal terms' TEE LTARE Is mAir-CowwRL BomE.-A table' of wEiite marble has recently been placed in Lord:Cork's chapel, in the parish church of Frosie, Somerset, bearin" the follown inecription :--" Edmund, eightb Earl of CorS aud Oriery, dedieates this tablet to the mem,ry of his son,: -Eobert Edward-Boyle, Lieutenant-Colonel of H or Majeey's Coldatriam Guird, born'the 23th Of Match, 1815. He died'off-Vrar ori board-Er Majestv's ship Vengeance, on the 3d of September,- 1854; in the faathful discharge - of his duab - His fatherasid-hiis oeuntry niourn-his Ides." Above, the insCription arere resented a cross and a flag,audbeneatbC it a word. It isa &ne specimen of sculptnre.
LONDON, TBrDAY, JUY 4, 156. In the House of Lords last night, Lord REDESDAE, after presenting a petition from the rural deanery of Stowe, praying for adivision of the diocess of Glocester and Bristol, asked whether the Government intended to dividethat diocess. The E3arl of HMxow:ay said the Government were not prepared to alter the existing arrangement. ;. The Earl of Er xN-BonouGH said, the unanimous complaint of the members of the establshedchurch within the diocess of Glocester was -that they had a non-resident Bishop, and that it would always be so as long as Bristol was -uiited with the see of Glecester. The Reformatory and Industrial Schools Bill having been read a third. time, on the motion of Lord RAvxxswowrrr, Thle Bishop of OxFonD, on the question that the bil do pass, moved the addition of a clause, leaving it to the discretion of the magistrates whether the juvenile offender should be wommitted to prison for 14 days before being sent to a reformatory school. The motion, which gave rise to a short discussion, was canied, on a division, by53 against 17, and the bill, so amended, was passed. On the report of amendments to the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, The Bishop of Ox.oRD moved the omission of clause 19 of the bill, which gives a right of divorce to a husband upon the adultery of his wife, and to a wife where the husband has been guilty of incestuous adultery, bigamy, adultery with cruelty, or adultery with desertion, without reasonable excuse, for fonr years or upwards. He contended that the bill, asit stood, would giveto the comparatively wealthy the power of putting away their wives, but would practically deny it to the great mass of the people. The deep foundations of family life, too, especially among the poor, would be injured and unsettled by the general license and laxity of morals to which, in his apprehension, it -would inevitably lead; and he appealed to their Lordaships whether they were prepared to sanction a change so pregnant waith fature eviL The LoRnD OaACHAcEao opposed the motion of the B3ishop of OxroPD, on the ground that it aimed at the complete destruction of the fundamental portion of the bill. The object of the measlure, he said, was to give the best faciiities.for divorce of which the nature of the case admitted. The complaint of the Bishop of OxwrDo was that the proposed remedy would be a mockery, inasmuch as the lower classes would, almost of necessity from sheer pecuniary inability, be precluded from availing themselves of it, and the means of redress would be almost wholly confined to the higher ranks. That, in the nature of things, was almost an insuperable difficulty where law was always more or less costly; but, he submitted, it was, no reason wvhy the House should not do what it could to render the remedy, in cases of adultery, as easy and accessible as possible to all classes of the community. He repeated that the object of the Bishop of Ox.FoaD was to make the bill wholly nugatory; and if the House thought, with the right rev. prelate, that there ought to be no divorce under any cincumstances, they would adopt the proposition for omitting the clause; but in that case he (the LoRD CHAricEr.LO) urged them to come to the determination that none of the petitions for divorce now pending in their Lordships' House should be further proceeded with, and that in future they would listen to no petition for redress wohich 'was sought under the existing law. - Lord HRDnsDnsn said their Lordahips ought to treat this as a great qiuestion affecting the morals of the people at large.: IHfe contended that so far divorce had been absolutely -withheld frorm the great body of the community. He didnotlament that so .uch, except as showing the unequal operation of the existing law, because he held marriage to be indissoluble, and becaue' he considered the marrage state in this country was happier than many other country in the world; butt, if their Lordships sbnctioned the facilities for divorce contemplated by the bill under consideration he didnotthinkthey could stop there. Lord CAWBnr.R stated tat for at least two centuries in this cotntry marriage had been ditouble upon the adultery of the wife - and he trusted tlfeir Lordships were not prepared tosanctiona change in Athe law which had existed for so many years, 'and under which the domestic p'urity of the people at Large had been so remarkable. 2He contended that mariage, was a -civl contract, over which Parliazienthad~an:tindoubted rht of control,-and that if the views of: the Bishop of Oxvoss prevailed with their Iordships, the jurisprudence of the counttr iii the matter of 'divorce would still be -subject to the just reproach which had so long attched to it. The Bishop of ST. -Div&'s supported the motion of thoBishop of OxroaDn on the ground chiefly'that the grievances arising out of the unatisfactory saXte of the existing liw were not to be compared with the soial evils which he apprehended from multiplying the facilities for divorce. Lord DoxouoGnonz. supported the bill as it stood, but eontended that, upon a fair interpreta-/ tion of Scripture, there ought to be a parity-of relief£ in case of adulltepry whether comnmitted bj.the lhtusband or thewienf.-.- Lord DEsAnT, on the other hand, submitted that if, by an exceptional act, they made divorce a legal habt, rcourse 'woi of ncassty 'be had to a 10wwe tribunal for the adosiniarationofthe law, whichT wiul ltend to lessen the sactity oE marriage. - >TheBishopof SALTsBUR'Yspoke in fvour ft motioa of the Bilhop of Oxyonn, contenainth Seiipture, of which he quote& pasges, a di tinctly and plainly againat thle innovation ,their Lordships were about to make;inL the facilitie for obtaining divorce. I Lord DuIfGAo.Xox b ieved,theLdi iculties which d existed in the way of the poorer c"es<procuring a divorce hadppineess of the mzarried state amonig them, anda he could not give his assent to a measure wlhich he al e prshended wrould lessen the measure of their hiape Lord DERBY said he was not satisfied, with the existing state of the -law on the subj ect of divorcie, and was favourable to the principle of the bill urider consideration, because he contended that ifmar-' riage wras to bfe dissolved it 'must be dissolved by the Lav of the land operating equally upon rich aidii poor. But, looking to the proposal for increasing the facilities for divorce, it' behoved their Lordships to consider whether they were no. sanctioning a system of great laxity. It that were to be the wet suIt of the measure, they were entering on a most dar.gerous course of legislation. For himself, he apprehended that the facilities for obtaiining .divorce among the middle and lower classes, to whom divoroe was not now familiar, might.t.eni- to conIvenient and collusive. arrangements for separation between mau ankd nfe, which-would be -in itself.- a serious evil. RH observed that the Bishop of O.xoBD had given notice of his intention to move a proviso, prohibiting'a husband or wife. who had been gUilty of adultery, Ind divorced in consequence, from contracting marrigewith the per3on with whom the adultery wras co:mmitted. :Eethought such a clause was essentiallynecessary, writh thet view to prevent coAllusion, and he wished to hear from tfhe LOBRD Caiw. amo whether or not it might be advantageously ineorporated in the bill, as his vote upon the moion before the Ho:se ,would greatly depend upon the answer he got. - - LOra AsBxBD-N Was understood to say a prohibition of that kind existed in the law of Scotlaiad, and that it had 'worked beneficially. Lord Lm-pxDnusr saidi a proviso prohibiting the man or wife guilty of adultery from marrying, after divorce, the party with whom the adultery had been committed wspropose d in the select committee on j the bill, bult, as equal numbers voted for it, it fell to. the 'grond. If such a proposition were now made he would support it. The LoAD C-necEzLop said a clause prohibiting the wife or the husband who had committed adultery from marrying with the party with whom the adultely had been committed had always been introduced into divorce billbs before their Lordships' House'; but he knew of no bill in 'which it hadbeen retained, because it was universaly felt that it clogged the parties with restrictions painful to themselves, and did not prevent collusion. The motion of the Bishop of OXFORD, on a division, was negatived by 43 against 10. On the motion of the Bishop of OxronD a proviso was added to clause 24, making it unlawful for a' husband or wife found guilty of adultery to intermarry with any woman or man with whom the' adultery was proved to have been committed. A motion of Lord DxmarA for modifying clause 16 of thebill wa3 negatived without a division. The LoBD CimC3mEc0o, in moving the second reading of the Cambridge University Bill, said it was the same in principle as that passed last year with respect to the University of Oxford; and, although there were clauses in it which might be expected to provoke opposition from some of their Lordahips, especially that conferring on Dissenters votes inthle SenaLte, those were points which might be considered in committiee. The bill was read a second time, and their Lordships, having advanced several other bills a stage, adjourned shortly after S o'clock. In the House of Commons, at the morning siting, on the order for the second reading of the Poor Law Amendment (No. 2) Bill, Sir G. PECLEEL moved to defer the second reading for three months.. Re objected particularly to that tparit of the bill which repealed the 22d of GEOGE IIL., and that portion of the Poor Law Act which authorized single parshes to become incorp6ratedunder the Gmsa A ct. L Lord GALwAvseconded the amendment, having serious objections to the bill, especially to the doing away with the GBiEr muons. - Mr. Bouvvxnis defended the bill. It was time, lie thought, that the GiLBERT unions, of which there were only 14, should be abolished, for the sake of the poor who claimed relief. His complaint against these unions was that they were not properly conducted as far as the benefit of the poor was concerned; as regarded the education of the children, it was,entirely neglected in almost all of them. In fact, in eve., material respect these unions were defective. But if the Rouse 'would assent to the second reading of the bill, he promised to strike out everything in it except what related to the relief of the poor in extra-parochial places. Sir J. TRoLLorz supported' the bill, and regretted that so much should be struck out of it. 'Mr. CARDWELL thought it 'woulda be almost futile to -ass a bill containing only clauses relating to extra-parochial places, unless-the measure was made perfect in that respect. 31r. HENRs} and Mr. BnAmow opposedthe second reading of the bill. Mr. WALTER recommended that the measure should be withdralvn altogether, and was proceeding in his argument -when the sitting was suspended. In the evening, in reply to Mr. BAm IE, Lord PAaEsxsToN said Mr. DAms had full powers to discuss the question relative to Central America. On the order for going into Committee of Supply, Mr. F. PlsrE gave explanations, in reply to Mr. RIcE and Captain Vmwo.;, respecting the charge foe the education of the sons of civilians at the lRoyal Military College, and as to the advaneement by' brevet of subaltern officers in the scientific corps of the army. In reply to Colonel Dur-R, Lord' PALsmsroN stated that the value of the public property taken at Sebastopol was so exceedingly small, that, if divided among the troops, the share of each officter would be not more than 2s. 6d., and of each man Gad.; and that it was therefore not intended to unke a disziribution. The House then went into Committee of Supply upon the remaining Civil Service Estimates aid the M1ilitia Estimates, which were agreed to, after discussion. On the order for going into committee upon the Wills and Administrations Bill, MIr. HRsNxv, after noticing the doubtful character of the new court proposed to be established by tihe bill, it not appearing whether it was to bea3 Court of Common Law or a Court of Equity, and what its procedure was to be, suggested that, as it was impossible to discuss the details of the bill with advantage luntil a tribunal of -ultimate appeal was decided upon, the committee should be postponed until the appellate jurisdiction was before the Rouse. He moved to defer the committee until Tuesday. I Mr. CoLMa objected to delay, and recommended that the Rouse should go into committee at once. Mr. AL CHAiaens supported the amendment. Re thought it was utterly impossible for the bill to paws this sesion. -Mre. AaProm opposed delay. 3r. KAfG doubted whether it -was te intention of-the Government. to press the bill this session,- and he objected to the clauses relating to the County Courti' jurisdietion. The Soxmcrro-GEMrMAL decribed, with humorOUs pathos, the embarrssi preadiament in whicii he was5 placed, assailedaolsides, even by friendl, a;nd acceded to Mr. R xE's proposaL.7 Sir J. G Eusw inquired. whether, after tlhe bill had been printed c second time, the' Rouse' ws even now in posse~ion of the ultimat6 views of th Government, and whether it was true tihat it wa their intention that the amnouii of the district pro' bate s hould be raised from 1,5001. to S,OOOI. - MIr. MALNs Swas Opposed to the further progres of the bill at this period of the ion, anaoarMn,estly advisd its withdrawal. After aome remar;s by Sir }' Prnv and Mr. HiDrixa, the amendment wsagreed to, t;he coLmmittee being deferred until Tuesday. ' -' On the order for going into committee ontho ChurchBuilding Conissiop Bill,' . , ' Ar. D FsD,ae amoved to defers thecommittee foj' threemontha. : 3 x . =,: the Sir,-G.Giur -swad Dfr. &wUD= ad miaappa. henaded the nature and object,of the bill The amendment was negatived upon a division.
It is difficult to say of any event, institution, or custom that it is past, never to return. There may, indeed, be continual progress; but its couree need o not sa ily be a straight line, but rather a clurve; which often seems to return on itself, and to carry. umback to points far in the rear -of those Ywe had before attained. - If, however, there is one thing clear, it is that the world, and especialy the Frencil people, has advanced beyond the age of mere sentimental loyalty. The trick of reigning is an accomplishmeiit which must be studied by modern Sovereigns on other principles than were thought necessary by their predecessors. In old times no one could w5thstand an ingenuous young Prince, and it was taken for granted that all young Princes were ingenuous. From the time -when the Kenfish Commoners followed King RrDnmn in Smithfield to the days of modern GEonarS and FREDEMwris it has been held by masters of statecraft that a few complimentary words from a youthful scion of Royalty are enough to - dispel any clouds,., of discontent in, a nation, and to join all raniks in- a common enthusiasm. But the age of such chivalry is indeed past. We cannot expect any success for the letter of the Count of PAS, written evidently-for publication, and addressed toM. ROGZRB.DI NORD. The grandson of Louis IPaEasrn makes his entry into political life at a time when the fortunes of his family are at their lowest point. The memory of the late Sovereign of France is certainly deserving of no little"respect. He governed for eighteen years a great nation, and during that time preserved the peace of Ehirope, as well as the honour of his country.- What he comrleted and what he founded will be told by the future historian of his time. He gave a finish to what the elder A0oiE.o had begun, and in her law, her army, her civil administration, her public works, France will ever bear traces of his rule. He built palaces and churches, restored ancient monuments, and performed with magnificence all those functions of national aedile which belong to a M-onarch of Trance. The worst that could be said of him was, that he was a father of a family-a personage who, according to TAiRAmwD, is capable of anything. :Ee wished to "place" his sons and daughters throughout Elurope, and the attempt has ended in dethronement, exile, and comparative poverty. Now, though neither the world in general nor the French people have any hostility to the memory of Louis PrIaPrPE, we do not think that his family can hope for any active sympathy from the nation which their chief once governed. In the mninds of Parisian bourgeois and French peasants they represent nothing. The Firench have forgotten the sentiment of respect for hereditary families, and even the rise of the present ruler cannot be taken as an argument in favour of the existence of this kind of loyalty. What they felt for or against Ious PmInimP was purely personal, and his family neither gain nor lose by the estimate that was formed of his character and government. The French have little faith in the descendants of great men. On the contrary, the maxim " eHraom "J filii szoxc enters largely into their conception of the hereditary syst-em. Therefore, when the Count of PAmis is advised to write about the tricolour flag, the principles of 17 89, and the tradi-tion of constitutional monarchy, he is not likely -o persuade anybody. The House of ORawMes is to the French people a. Royal IHouse, like any other, and will be judged by them accordintg to the ideas of hereditary monarchy which they have received from the education of three generations. - The letter appears to have been written as an enaouncement that the `" Fusion!' is at an end. The Count of PArLs once more proclaims the principle of elective -monarchy, and vindicates the conduct and services of his grandfather. But it is - kno-wn that this liberalism is no' a creed unswervingly adhered to by the family, and is only owing to the ill-suecess of negotiations conducted on quite an- opposite principle. In fact, the ORLu-s family has beenwaveringg,between two positions-its own rights and the right of the French people. When Louis P}HnIsIP was on the throne, the argument, of course, was that he was a rightful Sovereign because the public voice had called him to the throne, and the family based its claims on what we should call its Parliamentary title. But when the old King fell, and another occupied his place, the position of the ORLmAns race -was difficult. :Both the claim by divine right and the claira through popular election were monopolized by 3ivals. If legitimacy be a true principle,Kthey never had a right to the throne; if national will be the real basis of monarchy, their right had been superseded by the election of the present ruler. Hence they were obliged to elaborate a theory which, logicaUy, is quite untenable.I HIereditary right and popular election have been bothput forward, and by the confusion of the two 1 hind of indistinct claim has been urged. As far as we can understand it, the French people are said to have a right to dismiss a Monarch, but to be bound to choose his successor among the m.embers of the Royal race. This principle was hertainly acted on by the English revolutionists, but is totally inapplicable to a country which has been a republic and an empire, and connects its most glorious traditions with a period during which both the elder and younger Bouspo.Ns were in exile. This theory failing, the expedient of a fusion was adopted. It -may be urged nowr that the Count of PAWs was a child, and had nothing to do with such a treaty; and the apology is necessary, for the act wras a dynastic suicide. For an OORLEA.Ns to postpone his claim to that of the Count DE CM3SORD was to deny everything that has happened in France for nearly TO years. We cannot but wonder at -the imprudence of the Osrr.Bxs Princes -when we thus find thenbranding the acts of the - French people and the memory of. their father in order to gain the goodwill of the Autocrats of Central and Northern. Europe. The whole transaction was based on the abnegation of all high principle. The right of the French to choose a Sovereign, the rght of their father to accept a crown, the right of themseives to be called the sons- of a King, wvere all abandoned, simply because the Count DE CHAMM6RD had no children, and by owning his priolity for a time they might buy- the support of the potentates of legitimacy. Such motives and such hope3, have been sufficient utterly to alienate, the Fench people. It was felt to be a repeti- -tion of the coarse speculations which influenced the Spanish marriages. The act of Louis PnrraePz2s sons actually divested his - family: -of all rights of any kdnd. The elective Sovereignty of 1830 they repudiated, the legitimate- Sove- reignty they declared to belong to the Count DE CAsmorD. Hen3e the Count of PAaIS found limself lilkely to at ain to manhood with no political position at all, and, in fact, a mere private peon. - Whether the estate Mlonarch who lately reigned in Rusaia 'aid a trap for the OPrEAsfs Princes into which they too readily .fell, or. whether he* really -thought that the fusio g of the families would fuse aUl tha discontented of Franceinto opposition to the ExImon, vwe cannot say; but. the act has.been ruinous to the family of LoIvisPHamIPrP,;--wd has. teuided to strengthen the present ruler. It is therefore; , e i y-ltL the6rincea.,that` they must esoapeO from their- position. ;. The ,protest of Louws P,BTLIPE'S sons in the question of the grintto -their sisters'Qfamilies alludeas.to tho late King' [abare iw the Republican 'victorik, and is understood as an intimation that the Fusion -is no more. The Count of P 'sa is leveb; more explicit. [lAfter stating that a- r;econciliation lhas taken place between the. members- of the two branches of his family, and thiat ijoiitical subjects have been discussed, he-adds, '5-1 tthink it right -to "inform you that, my.-ni6ther, my. brother, and " myself-have remained Btrangers to-31l that has I been done." " I have-been informed of what "'has passed in our family. ¶ouly by myyinecle, the ".-Duke-of Nsarouxs.". " I have remained _abso.~ "lutely out of the matter." Such are the strong 'expressions -witl which the JFusion is_ repudiated ;by the-youthful l,ead of the ORANs house. It is known that the Duchess of OBrsAss has always ,been oppbsed to the-course taken. by her brothersin-law, and it may be: that her son speaks ionly t,he sentiments of thlose closest to him. But we cannot avoid a suspicion that this. plain and abnost bitter repudiation is the work of the whole family, and that the uncles -have found - it - not inconsistent with their dignity to-be the scapegoats to expiate the temporary aposta. . . For the Count of PAnis there is no ieason that we should have any other. feelings than goodwill and sympathy. But we trust that. those who are his natural advisers will inform him truly -of the state of French feeling, and refrain from nourishi4g hopes which will, - in all - prbability, never be realized. W}hatz France may do hereafter no one ean presume --to, say,, but, it is reasonable to believe that she .will not again. reinstate-either of the fallen dyniasties. The disliLe of Panis to the BounsoNs is like that of Rome to the name of King, and whether the Government be constitutional, despotic, or republican, it will hardly be administered by the representatives of the Sovereigns who have been driven from the capital. Let not-the young head of the House of ORErn&Ns be educated for. the miserable part of a pretender. In his letter occur such expressions as these,-" I do not lnow -what the future has in "store for me *' "-It is for France to choose ;" "I 'wait ready to devote myself the day France "thinks she 'has need of me."- Iet him act strictly on -the principle here enunciated. If his country call him; no one will contest.his right to answer, but until then let him seek to be content with the dignity and tranquillity of private life.
In this country we are accustomad to controversies in which the lowest possible ground is maintained by the highest possible considerations. We do not, in the words of the Roman -satirist, reduce HANNIBAL to £ S. d. ; but we taLe a respectable I figure in the coin of the realm, and maLe it the object of our reverential regards. Only the other day it was rank republicanism to doubt a sliding scale of duties on foreign corn, and at this day in good society a man had much better give up the Book of Genesis than promotion by purchase in the' army. We are therefore not unprepared for what otherwvise would be the singular spectacle of a British prelate maintaining that the sanctity of marriage and the family life of this country depend on- our leaving the right of an effectual divorce the exclusiveprivilegeof those who can pay 2,0001. for it. On the divine law of marriage and divorce the Bishop of OxrOnD does not pretend to take any other ground than that; of the bill before Parliament. Bolder and more decisive than Sr. AUGUasm, he pronounces in favour of the right of divorce. Even on the right of the wife to put away her husband he only observes on the absence of an express permission in Scripture to this effect, and is silent on the argument from parity of right. He does not venture to maintain the absolute prohibition of marriage to those who are divorced; and in his second amendment, proposed on failure of the first, he expressly limits the prohibition to the case of divorced persons wishing to marry the partners of their guilt. Nothing, therefore,.can be more unsubstantial and less positive than the ground which his Lordship takes up againstthe bill. He rests onneither Scripture nor Church-neitherFathernortext. Nevertheless, lie would continue the existing system in al respects, except only that he consents to roll into one the civil and the ecclesiastical process, providing a court for the purpose, and getting rid of the scandalous action for damages. Had the bill passed with his Lordship's amendments, some dozen injured husbands a-year would have had to thank Parliament for a quicker, less annoying, and rather less costly mode of procedure,-for only one judicial process, instead of two; but no wife would have been able to obtain an effectual divorce, even in the worst cases; nor would either man or woman who had not the means of carrying a bill through both Houses of Parliament. While, then, the Bishop of OxonD scarcely hints at a difference on the first principles of the question, and so far starts from the same point as the promoters of the bill, he arrives at the very contrary conclusion, and that upon grounds that any lavwyer or private gentleman can estimate as well as a Bishop --the probable consequences of the measu-re. When a demand is made, resting on the strongest; natural grounds, and the absence of any authoritative prohibition, and when both these points are admitted, it becomes a matter of interest, and even curiosity, to know what opposition can be made. The first, and it appears to us the chief argument of the Bis'nop, is one which, for aught we know, may still occasionally be heard in a debating society, but has never,, we should think, been listened to in an assembly of actual-legislators. It is the argument that, after all, the- bill would not give relief to everybody awho wanted and deserved it. A divorce possibly would still cost 501. or 100I.; and the working man who never had 501. in his life would still have the same excuse for taldng the law into his own hands, and contracting a second marriage withotut a dissolution of the first. Unfortunately, the objection applies to all legal remedies whatever, and the Legislature. therefore, out of regard to its own office, perse- veres in relieving some, though it cannot relieve I everybody. Poverty-is a necessary evil, and will always entail many disadvantages. The Legislatire is bound to give justice to as many as possible, even though it cannot to all; and when it has done its best its duty is discharged. This' argument assumes, however, that it is desirable to relieve even a-labourer from a profligate wife, if his own conduct is without reproach. But, if it is desirable to relieve a labourer, it cannot be less de3irablo to relieve a small tradesman, a pro-, .fesaional man of small income, . or anybody l with 1001. i-year. This is the class to: whom the Divorce - and Matrinronial Causes Bill would extend the relief w.iich is now confined to gentlemen with 1,500!. a-year at the, least. Are they to suffer because ploughunen and artisans must? If the calamity is' inevitable .in the one case, muet it be gratuitously infiicted in the other? Parlianent, however, has not- yet admitted uniformity to countervail agaiast the pleas of mi sery, the demands of justice, and considerations of the comnon weal. Like any individual good man, it does what it can. Tthe Bishop of OxrOubD, hoiev'ei,!'himself, betrays an apprehension that it wiligo beyond the present mieasure. He fears that eventually provision will be made for giving'j| . , 1 - .. . . . I - L, 7, :.., --E more summary and inexpelnsive relief to the poor maini. - In' fact, his Lordship, after admitting -tkat,livorce, 'to ifs utmost ,bkxttent, is not forbidden ,in, Scripture,, and. aftei cdi~cdlng further ath, aS -a general rule, it is not Tight to curtail Christiau li1 erty, finds himself at a lohs which most to fear#tha this law5ul relief be oxtended to the few or to the -iaay, all the' time that he has not a word do say against it beingigive' n to the very- few-a half-dozen or so a-year. This remarkable position,, that because the whole of -a good. thing cannot be done, therefore none of . i£sho61d be iattempted, the Bishop zuppoits by an' illustration still 'more - eitraordinary. 3rriage, Sinripture tells us, is honourable in all. uBt the law of the land does not allow it to those.who are under2l, unless theyhave ths leave of theirparents. This limitation, no doubt, is fotund very Idisagreeable, but not less salutary, by many thousands of very marriageable - young men and young womeneevery gear. But who that was nbt in' a false position altogether, and hard pressed for argument, would maintainthistobea'parailelcase? Thereisana.tural necessity for fixing the -period of pupilage, 'whether with respect to marriage or to any otherlegal act.' The restriction' i only a legal declaration of 'a natural fact-viz., that up to 21, as a general rule, young men- and young women. are not able to take care of themselves. Of course, many are able to take. care of themselves I before ' that age, but those that are are not 'always those that think so. Whether an I earlier age might have been.taken is a question we- need not concern ourselves 'with, for some age must- be taken. But there is no such necessity, no such physical fact, no such voice of nature, ordaining that men- shall not be entitled to. divorce; with freedom to marry again, unless they have 1,5001. or 2,0001. Thiu is altogether an arbitraly affair, and has no foimdation whatever in nature or religion, or any oi-her ground of obligation. If it is absolutely necessaryto prohibit boys and girls from marrying before -they know -what they are about, it does not follow that the ordinance of 3marriage may fairly be exposed to every caprice of legisators. It does not i.ollow that, because Parliament forbids minors to marry 'without parental consent, therefore it may forbid persons of all ages the natural and Scriptural right of divorce and marrying again, unless they have a spare 2,0001. That certainly is the Bishop's argument, and it seems to us ono of a sort long condemned, even if it ever had weight with reasonable men. Neither it, nor any eart of the Bishop's case for the existing state of the law, appears to have had weight with their Lordships, for the bill has passed through committee without alteration, and will shortly be in the Commons, with every prospect of soon becomaing the law of the land.
The case of AMr. DYCe SomeRBE, after yielding harvest upon harvest to lawyers and mad doctors, has ended at lat in a judgment which declares his insanity at the time of mL'king uIs will, and so hands some 10,0001. a-year to his widow. The case preo sents considerable matter for reflection to the curious in psychology, and some also to the moralist and observer of social life. Never was more time and trouble spent in proving a man mad. Mr. DYcE SOitRE was fighting for his senses up to the hour of his death, and engaged in perpetual hostilities with commissions and doctors, whom he managed, it must be allowed, vith great dextelity to kIeep at bay for a eonsiderable portion of this period of his life. The game of doctor against doctor was his favourite one, aD.d he played it with skill, forming large and powerfil medical alliances, by the help of which he defended himself courageously, and maintained for long intervals a belligerent and military position of sanity, guarded by paid sentinels and housCehold. troops, but held in the continual fear oE capture and surprise. ln the year 1843 he esqaped from the control of a sanitary commission, and set out on a regular expedition for proof ant evidence of being in his senses and in his right min. Hfe gained a verdict from some French physicians, on the strength of -which he set up confidently as a sane man, though his sanity was still of a local and conditional kind, confined to the favourable and partial soil of France. 'It could not pass the British Channel; at Dover lffr. DYcE SO3BaE would still be mad, and a strailwaistcoat awaited him if he ever ventured to cross the sea. Lord LYYiDruRsT, aware that he could not induce him to return in any other way, alowed him'a safe conduct; and, his personal liberty being guaranteed to him under the sacred iaith of Chancery, X,r. DyCE So3mpRE came over again to this couwLtry; and had a personal interview with Lord LYzSDHUEST, the effect of whifch was an entire reversal in his Lordship's judgment of the French verdict. But MIr. DYCE So=rwsx, being still in the guaranteeEd enjoyment of his liberty. retumed to the continent, alnd " caused "investigation to be made into his sanity, both "at St. Petersbu-g and Brusse!s, where all the "physicians who were consulted by him reported "him to be of sound mind,"-*we presume after the receipt of proper and suitablo fees. This state of things went on for some time, England and the continent being at war on the subject of Mr. Dyes SoxBsiz's understanding, anLd that gentleman enjoying perfect freedomand full asgal sanityabroad, while a commission was claimingl him all the timein this country. It was during this period that Mr. DYCE SomBrsw made the will whieh has been the subject of so much dispute. It appears that the existence of a commission of lunacy does not of itself invalidate a will, inasmuch as the individual may improve before its.expiration, or may have a lucid interval. The question was then, as now-whether either of these was the case with MTr. Dvcs SosrsBs. It appears that, with that self-consioumsee and cunning which so often belongs to the lunatic, he could profess to dispossess himself' of his delusions for a time, and talk of them xs8 delusions; and in these subtle strategies he was aided by some interested persons whom Dr. LusEnNwcTON justly condemus in his judgment-persons " who used all their influence with "him to induce him to conceal from his "medical advisers, and, indeed, all whose duty it "was to diseover the truth, those feelings and "convictions which had been deemned insane delu"sions. . . . . He was mwged to assume *a "given character and to carry out a deliberate "scheme of deception." So much for the psychological features of Mr. DYCX So3m:su's career. There are other observations,' however, whicl it invites besides these. We do not profess to wield the pen of a Jv , and we hope the present characteristics of society do not require it. But the defee's of fashionable life, the adoration of money, the spirit which will sacrifice the, daughter of an illustrious family to mere wealth and S1ow, and procrre a rich husband"at any cost, and no matter how low, vulgar, and immoral a one he may be,these features-we trust not comnmon ones-of aristocratic life,, do unhappily come up to the surface on particular occasions, atnd call for a remark. Mr. DyCE SossnRE did nOt enter English society in the first instance, and eFen before this melancholy stage of his 'life, free from all stain. The Judge who delivers the judgment at this trial alludes to his mixture of* European and Asiatic blood, and European and Asiatic habits,- the combination of. the Pomauias faith'with a' Mahomedan life. Yet I syich a specimen-and not a refined one-of half-caste blood, 'tone, morals, and mind, could gain the da-ghter !f- a blsd "family, and the bearer of a name dihtingulished. inthe. annals-of:British gloi¶y. It-is'this name, borne 'by a" lady, and 'one, too. who' h'a suceeded -to all thooe'dvantag& of zefined'eduba' hion and, 2ib the proud sentiments and feeliiigs *lhich belong to her position, which is now goingthe rounid' of- the press, amociated. with charges. which everybody lnouws, indeed; to be the ravings of insanity,- and 'which'coniitutij the great'pr6of on which that insanity rests, but of 'ishch the simple mention and the simple statement in print are horrible and -revolting.- Such consequences could not, of course, be fore-seen ;but a loftie& standard and a truer Tefinementand.delicacq thhn that which mere fashionable life counterfeits would have beed a safeguird ij the first instance against them, and would have blocked the entrance of the road which led to such a termination. The name that allied itself to that of DoI) SoSRnx has paid dearly for the advantages of that alliance, and even the 1O,OOOI. 0- year which is now added to' the 4,0001. secured by jointuro- is no greater.compensation than oughtto be given for the loss of dignity and tho; stain of debasing and degrading- asbciations with the historical title of Sr. YVMCMr.
COURT CIROC &AR. Lbet-oraChanceUlor had anaiuience of the day afternoon at Bulkingham P.We. m 'His Royal Highness the Prince Consortroadeon orsebackin the forenoon, attended by Colonel F. I. Seymour. The Prince of Wales attended by Mr. Gibbs, visted the l'rincess Rioya and the Princess Charlotte of Belgiu m, took Charlbes itzroy and Colonel . 1I. Seymour attended on Iler Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent dined last evening with Her Majesty. The Queen, accompanied b the King of the Belgians, the Princelss Charlotte of Bey gium, and the Count of Flanders, honoured the Royal Italian Opera, Lyceum, with her preeence last evening. Tne Royal suite consisted of the Hon. Flora Macdonald. the Countess d'Yve, Lord Camoys, Colonel do Moerkerke, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Captain BurneU, and Dr. Koopi. His Majesty the King of the Belgians visited her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent yesterday at Clarence- house, St. James's.| - A deputation from the lKorth-Westorn Ilajiway Com-I pany ad an interviewv with LordStanley of Alderley and the Kight Hon. Ecobrt Lowe on Wednesday at the Board of Trade. The doputation consisted of Mir. Horsfall, Er. BurkiLl, MIr. Whelon, and MIr. Baxter.
PRINCE OSCAR OF SWEDEN. PORTSMOUTH, JULY 3. His Royal Highness Prince Oscar of Sweden arrived at the Royal Clarenico Victualling- yAd this morning at halfpast U o'clock on a visit to this port. The Prince, on Syightingfrom the speGal train, was received by the Commander-in-Chelu , t icg Admiral Sig h . F. Seymonr the LSieutenant-Governor (Major-Gecneral Breton), Mr. L5. A. Vandenburge, the Swedish and Norwegian tice-Consul at this port, and a ,ard of honour from the Royal Marines, -with their band be rinceat once accompanied Sir George Seymour in his barge to the dockyard (the Victory and the garrison saluting his Royal Highness with 21 guns each). and there jbartook of luncheon at Sir Goorge's official residence. The Prince, accompanied by Sir George Semour, Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R. S Dundas, ad other officers of the went np the harbour to th Excellent ganneryship, &a tLin Sir Toms eMaitland, and there witnessed some gool practice in shot and she71 fring. From the Excellent the Prince proceeded to the Royai Yacht Victoria and Albert, which he minutely inspected, and then returned to the docelyardi and visited, accompanied by Admial-upernteden Marin,thenew 50-gun screwr frigate Shannon, the Erebs iroin s5crtewfloating battecrya. some of the departmenets of the yard. His Royal Higness -will.dine with Sir George Seymour to-night, end continue his inspection of the various establishments to-morrowu.
THE GRENADiwm GuAIDS.-A superb banquet was given by the Grenadiei Guards, at the london Tavern,. on Thursday evening; covers were laid for 140; his Royal Highness Prince Albert in the chair. Among the compny was the Dule of Cambridge, Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, General Bentinck, LotdBokeby, ColorLel T.Wood, Lord Downes, Lord Grantley, the Duke of Manchester,Sir George Nu ent, Sir John Kirldand, Sir Henry Davy, Sir Frederick Bathurst, the Ron. C. Lindsay, Sir James Drummond, Colonel Birch Reynardson, C.B., MajorGenerals Stanbope, Higginson, Flndyer, Gascoigne, and Angerstein, Iiieutenant-General Wynyard, Sir Coutts Lindsay, Colonels Eyre, Clinton, Dixon, ELarcourt, wand Asell, Sir John Burgoyne, and Delmne Xadcliffe, Esq. LONDON DmsnAoli.-Yesterday, - at 'a special meeting of the Metropolitan Board of Works, held at Guildhall, the following letter was read by tha clerk:" Office of Works, &c., July 2. Sir,-I an direced by the First Commissioner of Her Majests Works, &c., to forward you a copy of the report, dated June 30, which has been presented to him" on the fow of the tide in the river Thames, above and below Plunastead. It is satisfactory to find that the observations made by Captazin Burstal corrobcorate the accaracy of those which were made by your engineer, under the direction of the Metropolitan Com mision of Sewers, in 185L Butthe First Commissioner desires particularly to direct your attention to one of the observations made by Captain BurstaL He shows that if tne sewage is dischred into the Thames at Plumstead two hours before lgh water, which is the time proposed by your engmeer, say at lh. 16m., it will reach North Woolwich pier at 12h. 3m., the Dockyard Stairs at 12h. 15m., Charlton-pier at 12h. 27m., Hookness at lIh. 3m. p.m., Victoria Dock at lh 25m., East. India Docks at lh. 40m. The high-water then becomes slack at 2h. 12m. between theEast and West India Docks, and it returns, reaching the East India Docks at 2h. 30m., Victoria Dock at 2h. 48m., Hookness at 3h. 8m., Charlton Pier at 3h. 33m., Dockyard-stairs at So. 42m., North Woolwich Pier at 3h. 52m., and Plumstead at 4h. 38m., thus oscillating between Plumstead and a oint near the West India Docks for five hours and 22 minutes every tide. By the Metropolitan Act of 1S55 it is provided that 'the Metropo&itan Board of Works shall make sewers and works for preventing all or any part of the sevwe within the metropolis from lowsin% or parsing into the Thames, in or near to the metropolis.' l Bnt the scheme submitted for the approval of the First. Commissioner actnsiy provides that the sewage shall flow into the Thames at a point within the metropois. It consequently follows that before any such scheme can be camriedout it will be necessaryto call upon Parliament to repeal so much of the act of last session as provides for the purification of the river Thames within the metropolis The First Comnisnoner feels that he cannot undertake to dothis, and, considering that the scheme is entirely at variance with the intention of the Legislature, as set forth in the act which' passedlast August, he considers it to be his duty to retur' theplans which were submitted for his apDrovaL-I am, Sir, your obedient servant, AirFnU AusrNu, Secretary." The letter was ordered to be taken into consideration on an early occasion. THE SurPPos;D MURDER AT ILKL- Y.-The ma George Holnes, vho was taken into custody. Ist weelk on suspicion of boing implicated in the murder of MIrs. hXnignt at llkley, was again placed in the dock 'at the Court-house, Otley, yesterday, before Mr. F. Billam, to undergo an examination on the charge. The warant against the pnEsOner having been read, Mr. Barret, solicitor, who appeared on behalf of the friends of the deceasecd, sid that he had no evidence to offer, and at. present there wa no evidence tojustify the further detention oftheprnsoner; His worship then dischared the'risoner on that warn t, but he stands committed for trial at the ensuing 5s8izes on the charge of gasaulting and robbing. a young woman nea Otley last week. We believo tho prisoner states that hewas at Bradford on the day of tEe murder, and so far as the inquiries of the superintendent of police have gone, they support his statement. Wycher, the detective officer sent down by the Home Secrer was presenty and after the prisoner had been discharged hde -stated that he, should return to London that day, and before leaving he thought it necessary to ay that he was satisfied- Mrs. M,Knight h ad been murdered and that he had-no doubt as to who the guilty party -was. 'As this remark' may be interpreted as confirming a rumotr which sithin the past few days has obtained currency in 113ley, it is only just to the person to whom that rumour refers to say that the suspicion of the officer points in another direction. Although tne officer had expressed so decided a convictionthat the deceased lady was murdered, a very general opiion prevails in the dis. trict, and is extending, that she died from natural causes. This opinion is maintained as-strongly as ever by tho medi-cal sentleman who conducted the post sortemn examination, and is shared in by many gentlemen resident in the neighbonrhood, and who are accustrmed to iudge of evidence. Tho place where the body was found was one where it was very 'robable' the lady- would go on her way -to Ben Rhydding, and'a view of it was commanded by some per. sons who were in the neighbourhood, while others were working -withmn a short distance, and yet nothing wvas seen or heard of a suspiciout character; and the body was found .in aperfectl9composed position, as-though 'thhe deceased hadtfallen down in afit. NTo doubt the evidence of the medical gentlemen in Scotland raises a strong presumption that the death' was a violent ene; but it is urged that under all the circumstances, the facts are more conpatible 'with' death from flataral causes. The state. meut previously made as to information having been received as to the - whereabouts of Mls. M'Xnight's purse, and as to the finding 'of the particles of some torn envelopes near the body,. though made oui what was considered the best authority, is untrue. The purse has not been heard of, and as to the envelopes, l'aU that is known is that a packet of black-edged note-pper and envelopes, similar to some Mrs. 3'Knight had prchaeed, was found about 12 o'clock near the terrace at Ben Rhyddiing. Yesterday a man named Jonathan Sutcliffe, of, Bowling, near Bradford, was taken before the Leeds magis-i tratee, on suspicion of being connected with the supposed murder. It appeared from the evidence that during the 'previous afternoon he 'had been at a public-house;- and,; while in a stitc ot intoxication, had stated that he had seen Mrs. M'Knight just before her' body was found, and - that he sawi 'the gipsies break up their camp. This statemenet he renewred, but denied hnowrin4 anything.'of the mnrdeii He v'ssiremanded until to-da for farther' iani quiries. '.~ ~~~~~~:
- TURKEY. * '(Aportion of {te flo*ng n ppered inocr saod editioi of yviteray:-1 j- ' (6w2OROW OORcSPrOZDZNT) CONSTANTINOPLE,. JxU 23. I Wrote to you in 'y last about the necessity of cianging the: trditional policy which has hitherto prevailed in the international relations betWeea Turkey and the representatives of the European Powers. It is utterly impossible to introduce a souind system of governnent and administration as long 'as thie ntarrowinded policy of backstairs influence is kept up. How can the foreign Powers cry out against native intrigue and political immorality, wbile they themselves follow a system which more than anything elsetends to promote and encourage them ? IThe great Eurolpean Powers who have signed the Treaty of Paris have recognized: Turkey as a member of the European society of States; they have admitted her to participate in all the advantages bf the public lavr of Europe, and have promised to respect her independence; they are therefore morally pledged to act up to those principles. The first step towards redeemmig this pledge ought to be a fairer interpretation of the II capitulations." A matter of necessity when they were first introduced for the protection of the life and property of foreigners in Turkey, they have been turned by degrees into a most, annoying means of interference, and have become a crying injustice. 3Most of these " capitulations" date from the 16th century; consequently, from' the time when the Ottoman- empire- had attained the summit of its power. They were not concessions wrung irom the wealmess of the Sultans, but favours conferred by them on friendly Powers. This expiains the extensive nature of these privileges. 'Undisputed lords of Eastern Europe, nearly as far as the gates of Vienna, the masters of Asia beyond the Tigris and down to Arabia, and of the north of Africa, what was to them the exceptional position of a handful of foreigners in the vineyards of Pera, and what did they care for the power of half-a-dozen Ambassadors who were. themselves liable to be quartered inthe Seven Towers? While thus the " capitalations" did not in the least affect the independence of the empire, they became a great boon to all those who wanted protection; the privileged quarter of the Ambassadors became a kind of asylum for all who were persecuted fortheir religion or political opinions in the most intolerant epoch of European history, and for mercantile enterprise. But circumstances have considerably changed. Not only have the vineyards ef Pera grown up into a populous town, but numbers of foreigners lkewise dwell under the shade of a similar protection in nearly every large town of Turkey. The Seven Towers are now only visited by Ambassadors and others as a matter of curiosity. Foreign troops fought for the integrity of Turkey, and foreign Powers guaranteed the independence of the empire. The Ambassadors, who were then not allowed to sit down in the presence of the Grand Vizier, now often cause the rise or fall of the latter dignitary. This change in the relative position of Turkey and the European Powers has likewise changed the spirit of these "-capitulations." There are two points in them especially objectionable. The first isthat which altogether excepts the prot4gg of a foreign Power from native jurisdiction, and maLeshim onlyamenable to the tribunals of his own authorities; and the other ist he right whichforeign Ambassadors and3Tinisters have ofgivingberats ordiplomastoRlayahs of thePorte who are employed in their service. As regards the first of these privileges, which originally went only so far that the subjects of foreign Powers could not be judged:except in the presence of the dragonmans of their representatives, it has become so systematically abiused that it is now tantamount to a privilege of impunity; by universal practice among all the representatives of foreiguPowers itis assumedas aninvariable rule that theiriproMgjs capnot but be innocent; and that it is only the greedy employs of the Turkish Government who are trying to get money by unjust accusations. Thus, in all cases which admit of the smallest doubt there is not the slightest chance of a conviction, while every imaginary grievance of a foreign prot,¶ge is avenged with the whole authority of the Am. bassador or Minister. As this is well k;nown to the parties concerned, they are, you may be sure, not slow in taldng advantage of it. There are continually numbers of cases pending forredress in which an unusually large sum of money is asked for imaginary damages and grievances, which the Porte usually, after much resistance, ens by paying. It would scarcely be believed in Europe if one were to make a collection of these cases. I will quote only one as an example. Some years ago one of these foreign protfggs brought out from Europe sundry expensive contrivances by which he expected to allure the whole population of the seas about the coast of Albania into his nets. Somehow or other the fish would not be camight, and the enterprise failed. The man now brought a clain forward for indemnification, on the plea that the fish had been al poisoned by the jealous Alba. nian fishermen. This would have been simple enough, but the claimant's calculations were not quite so simple. He calculated that I don't know how many millions of fish had been poisoned, and that these poisoned fish woulld have produced other innumerable millions of fish, all which he would likewise have caughtbyhisartfulcontrivance. Not_ -withstanding his strange arithmetic he got compensatioll. Such is the application of the exceptional jutrisdiction of foreign representatives in doubtf-al cases; but even if there can be do doubt about the guilt of the protggg he will still escape. If he is caught in flagnzte dedi4;tohe will be claimed, andnobody ever sees hiis punishment. Only a fortnight ago a Turlkish soldier went into one of the fields about the village of Ortakoi, on the Bosphorus, where large masses of strawberries are cultivated. Tempted by the sight the soldier took some, on which he was attacked by the Croat labourers employed in the fele He defended himself, but without arms, ancd was kdlled. The guilty were arrested, but were instantly claimed by the Austrian representative, and the Porte had to give them up. Not less abused than thiu privilege of immunity from the native jurisdiction is the other of allowing the representatives of foreign Powers to confer this privilege by a berat or diploma on Rayas of the Porte who are in their service. Evidently the spirit of the privilege would apply only to those who are actually in the special service of the repreEentatives and during the timo that service lasts. But it has been interpreted otherwise by practice. It has become inmany embassies and coiisulatesasource of revenue. All the most prominent:Rayah merchants and bankers in the provinces have found the means of becoming hereditary dragomans of half a dozen cbnsulates, under wwhose joint protectidn they com'mit their exactions against their less favoured brother Rayas. E you go through the list of Soubanhis, or xevenue farmers, that curse of the provinces, they are mostly these nominal dragomans. In the capital it is the same; there is not a single rich merchant vho has not acquired come klind of foreignprotection, and thus, besides the immunity from native jurisdiction, he has the no small commercial advantages connected with it. In many cases now the pretext of dragomahip, is. dispensed with as a useless farce. -This exceptional position of foreign :protmgfs hIs acte perniciouisly on Turkey, n't oy by subti ing frmi the pow%er of 1the Goveiunient all the 'icher clase, and6 thus 'exernptng them from 'il charges, but likewise by alluring the scum of l the, countries of Europe, -ho, -uiider the banner of tis ibnormal position, Carl commit with impunity a, t acts of roguery they.p!,aee-; all that can happen to them is to be sent away, gratiz, to some other plac, whence they iMay returin as soon aS this affair has been a little forgotten. Yet, however abnormal and pernicious this exoep- tionalposition may be for Turkey, it would bei mpoa.t sible to abolish it all of a sudden, and before such reforms have. been introduced into the Turkish administration of justice as shall guarantee effecta-' ally the life and prqpeity of every man in the. empire. But this is no reason why the evil shxoula be left untouched. -According to the articles of peace the capitulations will be revised; but the jealousy with which all the small Powers,who have no other means of influence, stick to these privileges, and the little tractability wrhich they exhibited lately when only somne commrton police regulations were proposed by the French and English military autho-. xities to put au end to the robberies and thefte com- . -mitted by these same proig's, give little hope of any change being soon made for the better. In the meantime it would be desirable that at least the' " capitulations" as they are should be interpreted in a fair and liberal spirit, and not, as is uaually done, stretched to their utmost consequences, and evenbeyond those. -1tisi a great mistake to imagine that any Teal influence would be lost by him who vwould malke the beginning in thisliberal interpretation of the articles of "capitulatioa." Onthecontrary,it wouldbethe surest- way of gaiming in the mnind of the people, aa - well as of the Government, for it would be a proof that the Powier whose representative should fa-e the initiative in this respect hai really talen to heart the welfare of Turkey, and was ready to waive any unfair advantages w.hich eircumstances might give him. It is satisfactory, in this respect, to see that the English Government has already- turned its attention to this importalnt suLject, by appointing a. commisaion, composed of fr. Cumberbach, ConsulGeneral at Constantinople; Mr. Ifornby, the EngYiih Commissioner for the loan, Admiral Grey, and MIr. Alison, Oriental Secretary of the Embassy, to work out a plarn for a betier arrangement oftheconsular system in the levart, especially as regards the judicial part of it, and to fr-ame a commercial coae for the English consulates in the Levant. I must leave this vast subject for another letter, and will only mention on nans occasion that the initiative in this matter is due to Mr. Hormby, who, since he has been out here (and more especially since he has been appointed judge at the consulate), has turned his attention to this subject, and communicated his observations and suggestions to the Foreign-office, who answered by appointing a. 'commission for the purpome. A conimission has also been appointed for the s3ettlement of the differences -which have ariset between the Commissariat and the contratorx, and in which the Government has appointed Mr. Hormby to act as umpire. The diffliculties under -which the Commissariat was labouring during the winter of 1854-55 would not allow such a strict observance of all contracts as was desirable; hence compromises were often made. This was allu very well so long as there were other contracts to make, for one, so to say, compensatedforthe loss on another; but the sudden and unexpected cessatiorL of the war made it necessary to break off many of the contracts, which entails se-nous losses on the contractors, who had made their arrangements in the hope of a continuation of the war: now compensation is claimed, and whlerever matters cannot be arranged amicably the commission is to settle the difference. Some rooms in Galata Sermi have been given over for the sittings of this comnassnon. The sermi-official Jourml dc Coensta-inople of the16th inst. contains an article on your leader of the 2d of Mlay about the general aspect of politics in Syria and Constantinople. It pretends to be a refutation of the statements contained in it, but does not contain one single fact ; it makzes only general assertions, which will not disprove facts generally known by all the world here. The Turkish Contingent has quite evacuated Eertch ; the last detachment arrived here the day. before yesterday. MIr. Iayard left on Friday for Trieste andVienn= This morning the 20th and 95th Ilegiments have come in.
PARLIMAA.TABY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMON.S. FRimw JULY 4. OaDEnS OF TIl DAX. Supply,-Eieport ChurchBuildingaom-i sion BMi.-Tbird reading. Partnersli Amendment (No. 2) BilL-Committee. Parohis Scook(Scoland) Bill.-Tirdredirg. ldilitia Ballots Supension BilL-Thkd reading. Encumbered Estates (Ireland) BilL-Second reading. Hospitasb (Dublin) BiLA,-Committee. Deeds (Scotland) BilD.-Third reading. CommonsEnclosmre (No. 2) BilL-Comnnittee. Poor Law Amendment (No. 2) Bill.-Adjourned debste. Poliee (Counties and Boroughs) Bill,-LordW' amendments to be conaidered. CDalwhigers (Port of London) Bill,-Second reading. 5ereantie Lsw Amendment BiD,-SeooB reding. Buritigrounds (Ireland) Bill,-Conmnittee. Manklruptoy and Insolvency (frelaul) Bill,-Committee. Ways and Meaus,-Conmuittee. Itnatic Asylums (Ireland) (No. 2) Blilt- amended, to be eootidered. County Certs Ants A mendmentBill.-Comumittee. E'celsieastdiesi Ctoulrdts JunrtisBdiictioSn Bill&-decoingd reading. Mlercantile BLaw (Scutland) A mendmsent Bill-comnnltee. Vico-Peldent cl Committee of CounCil On Education Bl,-Secootl reading. Poor Law Amendment (SoUtland) Bi'll-Thir;readmng. Court of Appeal in Chancery (Ireland;1-ReporL Testamentary and Matrimonial.Jurisdiction Bitl-Second rcading4 warriage Law (Scotland) Amending EiD.-Committee. hay and Straw Trade Bill,-Second reading. novices oF !eOreocS. blr. Vanc.-To a awhy a retur. ordered by this House on the 3I of April Inst. relative to the tualficn.tion of county surveyors in IreI ad. has not been made. Oaptain L. Vernou,-To coIIbthe attention of the House to the services of tbe corps of Boyl Engineerinm tbe Crimea. MIr. Sreimt O'Bdlen,-To call the altets onoftheHouseto the caue of the te aymasters of consta bulr in Ireland. and to the compeneaUon allowved to them on the abolition of tbeir oflice. Lord Loaine.-To presPnt a petition from the freemen of the town of Aluwiclz. and aska questiun of the iecretmay of %he Treasury there- ` W Viliai E,ast,-To inruire ot the T satCommiloer of Pnuli Works whether it may net be potibte, by arangement or c.ompromise. to throw open toebepubie the grcnd, consisting of aeveral acres now givea up to private occupancy. in the centre of Hyde Park, betwreen the Humane Society's xeceiving-bhone, near the Serpetin and the saldieri' quarters in the Park. M. Byng.-To asea sit-etion oE the aInder-Secrett yfor Warretive to the entrz of thu Brigade ouf Guards into the mnetropolis. Sir John Pah)ngton,-To asIc the Sectetary of State for-the Colonies 7 bether it is the intention of the Government to make ally arrang-- mentfor restoring to theBishopof a eir Zealand the moderate anB neceusary income of "6O per annum, which was provided forb him wbhen he first aceeptedtbe poeition he h3s sa well dlled, and -as cowtinned till the last two years. Mr.YenwiclL-OnmolUonfor second readingof CoalwhipDpers i],. to move that it be read r. econdtime thisday sii months Mr. hadeld.-On motion forsecond reading of Vire-Presidentot Committee of Council on Education BllD, to move that it bereada second time this day three montlms Mr. EBlackburn,-On motion for laird re;Sing of Poor iaw. Amendment (Scotland) Bill tomovo thaut it be read the third time thIn day tbree msonths. Sir A. CampbelL-To move a clauee.
BLEACHIN0G IOBKS BILL. TO THE EDITOtOF THE -TIMES Sir,-What Sir James Graham omitted to skate in his observations last night UDpon the Bleaching Works Bill r beg permission to state for myseh? tlrough your columnsnamely, that " the grievous and palpable error" which the fight hon. baronet imputes to me is one which, if an erroris sipported bythe opinions, as appears by the evidence riven In my report, of some of the largestk most succedul, dlest merehants in Manchester. Ihsve the hof tto.b% Sir, Your obedient serv=ne IEL SEYSIOUR TRF.MFNRFERE. 3. Dean street, Parlh-lue, JaTif 3.
TH?.gi TsPB-G SEirs.-Yeeterday a notice wia posted at Laoyd's referring to tlu'ee ships which bhd for a long tume blen mnissing. and whicb there is too much reaoui to Dhleve haee foundered, and every sou beODging to them perished :-The ship Adams (formerly the 8tale Caiciqe), commauded by CatainJl itzsimoan, sailtd inon Brb on the 1st of letDecember, with s rich crgop, forIocdon, and has nc.t since been beard of; she belonged to BeEsrs. Adams and Co., of Glasgow, and is deeciibed ia Lodyc.t Reyister of S?dpping as 8C-' tonls, snd built in t&o UmitedStatesinl844. Shewlas cia sdA^lfor eightyas, ami was pertlyrebuilt in 1I8-4 hercrew numbered inallnary 30 people. The next unfortunate missing ship s the Ciy of Montreal. a fine Glasgow built rxon vessel, 812 s register, comnmanded by Captain Gntrie; she sailed from Liverpoolou the 2d of April last, foruebec, and wa spoken -with on the 24th of the 2acme month inlat. 45, long. -47, since-which nobt;he-least tuinge;have been heerd>of her; shie is enppoeed to have gone dowrns her crew, 40 in number. risbiVnher. 'lhe other shp is the Hlrcps XontE hle, sailed from Liverpool oite 0the ZIlare, for Xonigsbergihs Jmd no aie hebnbea s -
FRANCE (moF o03i OOWN cooNDnT.) PARIS, WEDNESDAY, JULY 2, 6 rP. The flattering reception given at Vienna to Prince * GortLscb.off on presenting his letters Of reed Ina3 perhaps different from rhat had been expected, but the world must not be deceived by these demonstratios of amity. Count BuolandPrinceGortzchakolf .may embrace, but between Austria and RussiA exists an implacable hatred-hatred and contempt on one zide, hatred and fear on the other. Russia *will let slip no opportunity of exhibiting her resentment; and they who hear the language of te agents can easily explain their assurances of the hgh regard in which the Emperor Alexander holds Piedmont. Svery move is watched bir Viennese statesmen at home and abroad, anld the not very extraordinary delay of Prince ortzchak,ff at Vienna, I believe before as well as after the discharge of his duty, cost Count Buol more than one sleepless night. There is hardly any part of the political horizon in which she does not perceive the small black cloud which contains the elements of the future tempest. }3etween her and France, with whom sho 'was so proud and so happy to conclude the treaty of the 15th April, exists a serious difference of opinion on the imporEant question of the Danubian Principalities. France will not give in, and Austria dare not. The Conferences of Pais, at which she hoped to obtain, and perhaps persuaded herself she did obtain, a diplomatic triumph, will be the source of enduring anxiety and much danger to her. In the protocols to which her own signature is affixed the desire is expressed that the 'ants and wishes of the Moldo-Waliachian population should be- consulted on the organization of the future government, and that those "wants and wvishes " shall- be ascertained through the channel of the Divans ad woc named by the sulffges of all classes of the people. What is this but demnocracy stalking along her very frontier-the awful signal for propagandism among theRomnanic populations that bow beneath her. sway? A representative body sitting from day to day at no great, distance from Hungary will inspire her with terror; already one in Piedmont is more than sufficient for her repose. She tries, therefore, to cajole France, and looks to her for protection from the foe she has mortally offended-for even the passive policy of Austria, undignified as it was, was injurious to 3ussia <during the war. I mentioned on Sunday that the commission for the organization of the Principalities would not enter on its functions until the frontier question of Bessarabia 'was definitively settled, and that the Austrian evacuation would not be effected til the portion of Russian territory ceded by the treaty of Paris shall be surrendered to the Porte. I am now informed, on the authority of a private telegraphiedespatch,thatorders have been sent fromVienna to Count Coronini to suspend the evacuation-for what period is not stated. whim question lies, now more particularly between lord Clarendon and Count Buol. Lord Clarendon' was reported to have declared that the Austrian evacuation would take place. It may be as well to ascertain whether the order I allude to has really been given, and what is his Lordship's opinion. there.urpo . That Prussia has been admitted into the commission for the organization of the Principalities cannot he regarded otherwise than as a blow coming from Russia, and it is not difficult to anticipate I v'hat will be the conduct of that commission in aU that touches Austrian interests. 'Under these circumstances it is no wonder that she is so anxious to ally herself with France. A letter has been addressed byX. de3lontalembert. to the President of the Legislative Corps on the occasion of the vote for the grant of 600,000f. to the heirs of the Princesses of the Orleans family. The Emperor, you pereeive, has brought a hot houseupon himself by this ill-advised act, which revives alL the odious recolleetions of the original confiscation:- "Detained by family affairs of the most urgent kind at 120 leagues from Pars" (writes 2f do Montalembert to Count de Mloray), "and which obligedme todemand-leave of absence from the Legislative Corps, it is with the utmost: .egret that 1 am unable lo take part in the debate on the project of law relative to the concession of 600,000r. Rentes to the Princeses of the house of Orleans or their heirs. Bat I submit that my forced absence by no means deprives me of theTighttoexpressmy opinion on that project; and, in conformity with various precedents, which it will be easy to fad in the records of the assemblies in which we both have held a seat, it is to yon, Sir, as President, that I have the honour to address myself, in order to request that you will have the goodness to communicate that opinxon to my colleagues. " I reject with the utmost force of my conviction the provsions of that project of law, as well as the motives comprised in the preamble, as signed by MML Boinvilliers and Godelle. For more than 20 years that I have taken a part in the acts of the Legislature of my country, I do not remember having ever been called unoo to decide on a measur6 so incompatible with all the rules of public and private justice. " I do not dwell upon the implicit sanction given by. this project to the decrees of the 22d of Tanuary and the 2d of March, 1S52, which despoiled the house of Orleans of its ancestral patrimony. At three different periods the Legislative Corps has received my protest against those acts. But, taking for granted the accomplished fact of these decrees, I now state what is evident to every mind-if the law which fixed the civil list of ling Louis Philippe,-if so many other laws, which even ander the Republic sanctioned the dotation granted to his children, did not annul those 'ancient rulIx of the monarchy,' so strangely appealed to under the reign of bTapoleon II., most assuredly the law which we are now called upon to vote is of no greater value. An ancient maxim of law says,-' Totake andkeep is of no value.' If the right to take existed, the right to give. does not. Of two things one-either it is in conformity with the old public law of France (as the preamble specides) that the patrimony of the house of Orleans has been restored to the domains of the State; and, if so, I ask by what right is the State now in part despoiled of it? or that ancient law was not applicable to the Royalty created by the C-harter of 1830, and, if so, why is it now amnnuled only in part, and ezclusively for the benefit of women? It If the property with which'the Duke of Orleans, be-fore ascending the throne, endowed his children, does not belong to them, why give tbem a gratuity at the expense of tha taxpayers; and if it does belong to them, or even if the question be merely one of doubt, by what right can it be restored to the one and refused to the others? With oui" Civil Code before us, and the - equality of division which it establishes, how caU the right of females be recognized at the cost of the males? and by what authority do we make this sort of Salic law to sanction confiscation? Again, if the domains in question do not belong to these to whom-it is proposed to pay the price, on what plea are they refused the restitutian in kind? Whence comes the rigat of substitting a rcht for the zeal property iteclf? Where is the man wh_ would accent such achange? And on;wat grounds do yoi fi the rate of 200,000£a hbeald Show rue the valuation, the estiato founded on de examination and counter-examinstion; where s'a r. Ule.oun tracts, the prccedures of adjudi"u4n, which.have served ag the basis for that valation of ealand personal property of awbich &eaAdminbfau of the Pbmusis hIs taken- poe euoe5 Mioreover, hzw oan we admit: thst tho mar- + jswatracts between the Prine s the dauOteiot 3izig ^ Le Philippe and their ausbands have an an,rntonal character' 'whichn sball bind France, and t Usame time deny thit this smetn cha±cter exists for coAveutions which bave been contracted between the sons cf the King and the foreign Princesses whom they have =aried? 'Wi it be said that the patrimonial fortune of the Duke de Kemours, the I'risoe de Joinvi,lle, the Dake d.'Aiuale, and the] Duke de hMontperuier;. was not considered a- ona cf the conditions which decided the marriage (as tho preamble expresses it) with the Princesses who have claitted their country to enter into a foreign family, and who,ara thlus eprived of the advantagc resulting to them frees the don..tion of the 7th August, and which chisWA.ea wreo to inherit! In a word, if. we reard witi. the r ambloe thie decr of 1852 as regular and defnitive, lhv cant It ba Iropoesd to a French siembly oinscriebi n i the gnat book of the pubic d,bt Renta whic. ia reality; a,ze n6thing'more tiai pesions of mere fa*our for the benefit of young forcign princes 'who have never done anyI thing. and, probably, will never do anything for France, while all reparation and all indemnity ane refsed,to princes ssentially French, and who, from the siep of Ant. welp to the capture of Abd-el Kader, never onoe neglected Anoccasion to serve with honour the fag Of FraIce,-Who. at the heao our armie, have lways given the exa-ple of every military and civic veirue, and, since the 2noet unmerited exile has closed the doors oftheirc6untryo5 them, have never yet, by any expedition, by any act, by any word, disturbed the public peace, or attempted to dividi ir occasion bloodshed in theircoustry. "For all themo and many' other resons, l od- vo% a thousand times against :the project of law presented on the 22d of June. If by Gha!'ce there are to be found in the 'world prince to humble, so forgetful of the honour of the bIood of which they are the isSue, as t accept such abenefit, I will not be among the number of the legislator4 who 'would inflict on them such a humiliation. In forming that resolution I am influenced by no consideration of party or of persons. If, which God forbid ! the princes of the hon, of Bourb'on could ever be induced ta set in a similar nmanner to tho princes of the Napoleoniau dynasty, Ishould have the some feeling, and I should -hold the same language, for 1' am one of those who serve Justice and not Fortune. . . " I pray you, Sir, to be good enough to read this; letter. to the Legislative Corps, and to take step& for its insertion in the minuAas of the proceedings of the Chamber.' There is no trath in the rnmour that prevailed yesterday and to-day of the Republic having been proclaimed at Santander, and that an insurrection had broken out at Barcelona. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received - - "XARSEILLES, JuY 1, EvENWG. "The intelligence from Constantinople states that20,000 of the allies only remained in the Crimiea, and 26,000 at Constantinople. Besides ships of war, many merchant'ships have been freighted., I " Mr. Meredith, an English engineer, has eompletea his srvey fora railway line froniAdrianople to Constantinople. - " x Gilbert Desvoisins will resume the direction of the ionsulate at Odessa. "I .Thouvenel is gettingup a subscription in favour of tLe sufferers by ths inundations. * "The Ottoman Governmert has caused two robbers to-bd executed, but Roumelia And Thessaay are still overrun 'withbrigands." "MADRID, JULY 1. "The new law on tho sinking fund has 'been approved. The Cortes will be prorogued to. day. "Castileis tranquil. "The Sinister of the Interior is fill at VaUadolid." It appears that the tiris atone of the house to be occupied by the Emperor at Plombieres was 1lid by the Empress Josephine in 1812. ! i A teleg,raphic despatch froni ancy, dated Tuesday evening} 9 o'clock>, says,- "The Emperor has just arrived here. Although no& oficial reception was given to His Miqesty, the pomulation assembled on his passage with the greatest eagerness; all 1.ho houses were decked out with fags, and triumphal arches were spontaneously erected. His Majesty was everywhere received with enthusiastic acclamations." ; The Emperor deelinesany official reception. The Prefect and the General commanding, the sub,division of the Mleurthe alone -received kith at'the -Sfation on his arrival. The Emperor was to leave for Plombieres the next mnorning. By Imperial decrees dated yesterday M. Fould, Mlinister of State, is charged -ad interim with the administration of the Department of Finance during the absence of M, Magne; and Marshal Vaillants Minister of War, with that of .Public Jnstruction durmg the absence of hf. Fortotdl.' The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 206. for the end of the month; Orlems Railway Shares, LS95f. f Great Northern,.1,130f.; Strasbueg,94,50c. - lew ,Shar, 857f. 50c.; Paris 'and Lyo,n 1,500f.; Lyons to the, MIediterranean, 1,740f.; Western of France; 957f.'50c. Bordeaux and Ct*, '760f.; Great Central of France, 655f.; lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cr6dfit[obiliey, 1,56tf. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 902f..50c. Cours AuOcntiqee.-PAIxS, July 2.-Cash Price-- Four-and-a-Ialf per Cents. (not rei2nbursable for 10 years)} 93f. 50c.; Four per Cents., 82f.; 'Three per'Cent-, 71f. 71f. 10c. 40c. 2.5c. 60c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 7If. 40c. -50c. ;' ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 71f. 40c. 60c.; Bank of France,' 4,0T01.; 'Cr6dit Foncier, 685f. ex. div.: ditto Obligations of-500f., Kour per Cente., 430£_435f. 441.;, ditto'Three per Cents,, 400f.; Credit Mobiier, 1,560f.'1,570F.1,565. 1,5671 50c.; Discount Bank, 685f.; Pied?iontese Five per Cents., 93F.- ditto Three per Cents., 58£.; Austrian Five per Cents., 91; Rente do aples (othschild's), in1; BRomuans. 87 87; Raytian Eoan, 550f. Exchan-ge on Eondon, at sight, paper, 26f. 27Ac. ; money, 23f.2ac.; three months, paper, 24f.97'; money, 241. 9oc. RPUSSIA. (FROMs OUR BERLIN cORP.ESPONDE-T.) BERLIN, JULY 1. The Imperial family was, at the date of the. last advices from St. Petersburg, about to repair to Habsal, on the coast of the Baltic, opposite to the 'island of Dago, for the benefit of sea-bathing. The Emperor himself, however, will leave St. Petersb'lrg only for very short excursions between now' and the period of his coronation. During his present stay at Zarskoeselo he is much eccupied in inspecting troops, great numbers of whom are icontinually Spassing through there, many ~of them being cm r<oue .for MIoscow, in the neighbour,hoodl of which tney. are to be quartered during the coronation. From all accounts that reach us fro'm, ,Moscow no expense or trouble is being gradged there to do honour to the approaching ceremony. - The entire Kremlin, for instance, is being restored, and renovated, the whole building is surrounded by, scafolding, and about a thousand vworkmen are em- ployed in its embellishment. In the streets, moie' particularly in those that lead towards the Kremlin, the houses are all of' them being furbished up. In those. along which the procession is to pass galleries and balconies of all sorts are being erected, and the seats already being rapidly disposed of; windows are readily engaged at from 120 roubles to 150 roubles, and places even on roofs, turrets, &c., are in demand. The rentof apartments has, in most cases, where the contracts wer'out, been raised to the extent of 300 per cent, inr other cases of new contracts being concluded the, landlords have, reserved to themselves the free dis'-,. position over the lodging on the day of the coiona-, tion. Norare persons. wanting who speculate on' a more permanent 'advantage, for on all sides handsome shops and elegant hotels are being opened. Mlany ladies also have thought this a~ fitting opportunity to assume the Russian costume as their habitual dress. The Isvalide publishes the letter ith owuich the Emrperoraccompanied the order of St. Andreii whichi he conferred on the '.Minister-President, Boron vron, Mlanteuffel, dinring his late visit her'e Itruns thus-, " Your zeal in the s'ervide dou lr faithfil ally and friend, .HisMhajesty the King gf Prusi, en,titles g-ourtoour tsincerest respect. As a proof of the same, also of our aclmowr. ledgmnent of your constant 'endeavouri to strentfieui the friendly relations existing between Rusia and Pri, w nominate you a EKight of the Order of St. Andrew. Conveying to you herewith theinsignia of that Orden., "Weremain, your well affectioned, : " ALEMXMIER. "Potsdam, June 2, 1856c." In deviation from the practice that seemed to be obtaining of 'late, the I7nvalide publishes 'also the sentence passed on Col net (0ho*en TT. (Roven), lately in command of the Grenadier Regiment `3King of the Netherlands." 'In consequence of various illegal acts he is struck off the arm' list, and pronounced incapablg of holding any further State employment. He has further to undergo a 'oeriod of imprisonment in a fortress. This sentence 'of 'the court-martil excites particular Sensation in St. Petersburg, and appearS to have been u6lected on this account for publication in thlibTH e.. It is the fist bntance of any peial offence beingvisit. on the Bead of any oNicer-of£'tha 6Iite,,jd',.iti suxumedthat tbs veky r n t'publicationotie ieontende just at 'a'imie -wire,t' or tthe'mot past'thse utntenicea of the court,.,mrs'tial are being iept om the knowledge of the puoblic i meank to intimate fhaW infuture the Guard is not tobe exemt pfrom all penal consequences of any nisdoing3. In one part of Russia, namely in- the Oninea, free.trade had for a time obtained in consequence of the extensive purchases made there by Rnssians- of foreign goods sold .to them by t.e allies, and imported 'hy 'the former into the interior of Russia without the payment offany etuty. The various prohibitions of this free tr'ade seemed to' have availed very little; but just of fate, as letters from Simpheropa state, there have Ubeiei Custom-houses eatab1ished at Perekop, Genitche, a.nd on the Tehongar-bridge; the posts stationed along the line of demaication have also been-very rnuch: strengthened, sind Adjutant-General', Cunt £trogonoff, the Governor of Si2npheropoI, haaisue t'ie strictest orders that all goods thfa; are met ih notfhavinng' isied the'' Custom-house are to be' weized as constaband. The treatment of foreigners'. entering Polandfrom the Grrm side is described as having become much leow, irluome- inad Yvextious than it formerly was. This improvement is ascribed to'a recent'iudte bf fresh regulations by Prineb Gortahakoff. Th- tenour of these new instructions is, that in future any unnecessary annoyance to travellers'shall be punished equally with, the excessive indulgence' that proceeds from, carelessness and laiess; moreove,r, wherever anythipg like bnibesy is' detected> not only,shall the official who has been.guiltyof aocepting the, bribe bt put on his' tril, but alIso thoee above him and those beneath him in office mhall be liableto eiariination as to whetherthey. arew privy or aessorr Jo it,or. deri.vd any profit from it. . Ah far as-the e instructions go they would seem to pronise much for- a gradusl improvement in the conduct of the Gmtorm-hOuse officers on the frontier,; but it imlust not be forgoten' -that' milar instrutions Wrfie also issued in the reigni of the. late Emperor:. the officials were for a timaei aghast at the pr,os,pect f ruin p,u,t before them (for, :they notoriously, cann,ot live, upon their. salarie,s), but,t after A¶ue c,ogitation. and contultatioii, the'y lit' upon an .eip,edient wm.liicW perfectly defe,ated tlie whole iiiteiitioh of the'neir instructions. -They sent: 'a'deputatio'n to St. Petersburg to present a.etetson to tlie rh lperori, I-in, -which they :nr,eervedly lepognized. the. justie. of the instructions lately; issued, but pointed out, at.,the.same.:ie, that no bribes.. could,_be. receiedif none were' given; and that in fact it-was the briber on whom .the greatest amounti of culpabilifyiested, and who most meritedppnishmeo,t. The Emperozinnocently eiinugh fell:into the trap, and ordeied that'in fuiltue all persons giving, o'ojexring bribes should be:ameinb` Lable .Eto: punishment.) ',-he result in practice 'was; that the system of brilery was oontinued as much 'as ever, with this especial difference, that all parties' -rere equally interested in not betrayin4 each other ! ff ?AIN. Oir accounts fromr'Mhdrid are of the 28th ult. The prorogation of l;he' session of the Cortes is fihed for the 1st or 2d inst The following despatbh frbm the Captain-General of Old Castile, dated the 26thw 2 o'clock p.m., had& been received by the Minister of War:- "Tranquillity continuei. I do not want theiotifintedl battery to enforoe obdience to the laws. The baettalion of Cruenrg is. sufficient. The Council of War is sitting permanently. Newnigours willa venge society." ' The'mounted battery of- artillery was the only reinforcement.sent trom New Castife to Valladolid. A battalion ofriflenien, .m garrison at Lerma, marched out of the prov.ince of Burgos, and some. troops from the Basque provinces were detached to Burgos. Fr6m' Sara-gosa a battalion, of infantry proceeded to Soria, witere it was to await further orde&i. ' Those wvere the only movements of troops which took pIace on the occasion of the recent dis. turbances, now completely appeared.,,, | The Goverinment was said to be in possession of documents proving' that-the Carlists had acted an : inportat part in the events of Castile. One of-the chief,instigators of the.acts of Vandalism Der-- petrated at'Yalladolid is a former Carlist officer,. belonging to anoble family of Cstile,whose devote-` ntesds to the CaUse of the Pretender is well known.: 50 persons vrwere arrested at Valladolid, 45 atf Palencia,, and 42 at Rdioseco. At Mojados, a rich agricultural district,' the cropps were burnt by the' saraeindividiials who comnplained of the scarcity. of provisions. .Fourteen of the incendiaries were. arrested& The plan of the conspirators appears, to have been to destroy by.:ELre the 131., manufactories,. and the corn store situatKd along the canal between Valladolid and Alar. ',The Espan state3 th,at seven other individualsJad been shot at (alladolid, Duenas, Palencia, aud' Rioseco. -- - The riots at -Badajoz, were totally unconnected with those of Old Castile. . At MaiAzafiares and in other parts of the monarchy. the high price, of provisions had likerrise 'caued disturbances, which were speedily suppressed. -The iala'rra occasioned by the reported scarcity was totally unfounded.: Thu .crops not only presented the.fairest prospect, but the grain in'store was amply auifficientfor the consumption until -harvest. A second squdkoii.' of. eight ships of war, w"ith troops on board, - was ruadyj-o sail from the HCavannah for Mexico, should the: President refuse to 'satisfy the claims of Spain.
RAILWAY INTELZIGEZWE.. g.R V A T.T.RY A public meeting in support of this undertaking vwas held at Troubridge, on 'l'uesday; Mr. W. Caulin, the Mayor og Wenlock, presided. The CHAIRmAN stated that a deputation from the comr'patsy would explain the position and prospects of the under-, 'taking. '. SirS. h PzTo, chairman of tie 'company, stated that' several important deviations, from the original plan had been made in thejline ; the-bill was now before Parliament authorizing. those deviations ' and they did not expect any opdsition to it. The inhabitanti of the district throngh which the line *vas intendecl to pass had been informed that 150,000D. would - be teqifired. before the works could be dcsmaenced. Of that sum very nearly 70,000I. had been subscribed - and, consi!ering the state of the moneymnarket, they had no doubt the remainder would be forthcomink. ,They.hadhad'offers from responsiblecontractors. to complete-the railway as a double line, including stations and every expense, for less than 15,000. per mile. ' If the ,traffic on the line only equalled that of the Sbrowsbury and' Hereford Railway, the Severn Valley line would, pay 5 per cent. on the proposed outay. Comparing the popu!ation and traffic with those of other distiicts,,he had 3o doubtthat, if theline were cheaplv constructed 'and', economicallyv worked, as he believed ft could, the railway wvould yield 'a profit of from 6 to 7 per cent. A discussion ensued respecting the inteisded course of the line, in which Mr. HtARRIES, UIr. H. Dicxnmso, and: Mr. E. C. BLARE WAYtook part. Mr. J,A4xssox stated that tlho uncertainty of the Severn transit rendered it very desirable to have a railway. The annual cost of the carriage of iron to and from' the EarAin;ton Jronworks, with which- he was connected, averaged in the last three years about 2.50DI. a-year, and the carriage of coke and charcoal cost 6,0001. per ainnum. Owing tothe uncertainty of the navigation their vessels were frequently detaimed two or three'months at' a time, which obliged theis to keep a stock of charcoal amounting to nearly 40,000., which need 4ot exceed 10,Ol01. if the distiict possessed railway accommodation. Resolutions were passed in favour of the undertaking, a number of shares'were subscribed for, and the proceedings concluded with votes of thanks to the deputation and the chairman of the meeting. TRAFFIC RETURNS. - Miles Fsa- Mer- Total, Tott?. Rlra" open. sengers. candise. 1S53. 185, Week ending June II Aberdeen and Scottish Md- Iland Jumction .. . 115 . , - ,. - . . 3,423 -. 3,236 Week ending June 22. BristolandExeter .. ,. 117 .. - .. - . 7,231 - 7,013 London,Tiibury,and South- -eicdExtevsxn ..,u - .. 1;471.. 165 . 1,635 .. 1,96 sati ngli_a ,,_,,_ , 974,. Su -WeekendingJvn28., - North-EAstern .. .,75 - .. - .70. 37,047. 35,643 Sambroand3Mese._ - -, 68 ; - - 1,317 1,453 WhSerfo-dandllkenny .3 , - , - 300 23 Waterford pnd Limerick. 77 . - - . . 1,259 929 Dublin and Wicslr ., 34 .., - ,, - 610 414 T.ondonderry sAdColeraine 3S ,. 177 . . 1I0 307 24D lond(uderrayndEn-iski11enaG 331 ,. 3e 7 .. 728 .. 60e Week ending1June29. GreatWeatem . - .. - - .. - .. 30,5676 . 27,532 Midlanldl . .. .. D. -3,1 .28,246 L4uca.shireadYorkhib 6 2£t . -. - .-'25,525 22,307 I tLondocandNorth-WcAeeM=sslj - - _ 59.042 53i,56 kazicheeter, Slheffeld, and LlncoDlnire .. .. 173j .. - *. - .. 9,650 .. 9,217 3ern CountieI, NorfoYk, andZasStnEUniGo ..*417 - .- - 26,l130 26.03? London andBlackwail - ..2.1,662 .. 75 -.1,737 ,17;0 Iidland Grat Wetern Ire Jan8 . .. - - T - -- .. - .. - .4,552 - 3.,603 .OleetenndH!oilshead .. - - --. - .. 6,SS..5,i Oxford.Woroeeter, andWol- varbamnptod.L , 94 -. ,22 .. ,78I .. 44108 .. 3,497 roMbirhe7Vnie .. .. 291;. - .. - 1.047 - NOdbBd&its-b.. - 149 2.. s, ..661 4- t9es. -- that Iae e . U . -- . *- tS36.. 6,t.103 ,XSia u%h7' Yexth and Dun-- a, sod1 8dottish Central - .. - .. - .. 711O . 35.0 blinsBella4'u ttou Jti .. - .. - .. 1254 . ioor Antrerpan4iBotterdsm., - .. 648 .. SIY .. 9S9 .. as Weekv euxnnJune 30. arersburyadBirmingham - .. .. .. 1,921 ,40, 23hrevraburrandChester' . - .. - .. -' A ,394 .. 1s , This souontlncludea the Liretrpool, Crooby, Sod ..whlcb Is not included in the wsreetponiding period. otvreta? it The returns apublihed area grtsie of,the trafi of the Hud-i dersied CanLu Sibropsibre Union, Nrort-h Union Pyestan and Wyr, South Sanction. Manchebter snd iBaKton, and Buclnrhamshrem-.i' ±Ialudint balf of the Ianciester, Bouts June11 tm,a4irO GrOhwb ODock duties. Ac.. tad Cbeeterlfeledant receisnel . 7 Thereceiptsforerchandise trafic are pnbllsblid eterdeductiitl wTehekly the- blxance on btY I,scda and LIverepool Canal lease account. I in theeeklyphlicaeonef raic nod four miles -blngof tbat, line hae ben dde toUsenilcg The rent p4yable for the Cl111at sad Bailut line s not no thutirot w ekle,recits * OYSTxLs PAIYE.-ONE SHnG DAY Th -day, July &3-,Admissiona oti paymentw 8,190* ditto by sesiA tickets, 788; total visitors, 8,978,
A-ONEY-A A RJ1R5id OTYINTJrLLIGBNML The imprvement Y Ifdaytaerioonoi the i Bourse caued the Engrah fundi. o o tday it a furthwr advanue of an eighth *ih wimth tliW excption of a short interviw -warells nt dia to the clas of busiiuLs. -oaols ere wint .eoted tX to 9.K and after .period, during which ore Swor alles at 95k, they returned to tliropening pi- For the August account the last quotation was 9} The temporary eindency to retionk in' the Middai oftheday took- plioe uponthe Lhkikg p' ,-t Baink Court.-, Sme persons had isgiaedtht a duction. to 4 perempt. nmight pssibly be adqpt but tfe .najority were awar that the atop ou noa probably be' delayed for a -Week or two especially as the diemand for silver for the Est kn& for tlie purchaew of French Rentes fas cained g6ld diring the last few'dayc to be sent to Gernany: aa France. Consol c3rip loft onf at 4j to * premiulle -Bank St&ck 217 to 218 ; Pdedul , 96k to> ; 1ewr Three per Cents., 96k to 97; Annnifies 3 yea-, 18 1-16; Indaia Slock, 232to 234 ;India-bond,'15s. to 18a, premiuim; and Exchequer-bonds 100 t64 laichequer-bflls were in increased demand, and improved to 14s. to 18& premiumi' There waa a fair. amount of business transaCtei'in foreign pqcurities, andquotations generallyexhibited firmness. Rusain Fiie per 'Cents., for the account' were negotiated i t 1l11 and 112Ja, and the Foui nd-a-lf per Cents at 98s ad 90k, en The operations in Turkish took plaoo at 106k, 107; and a6ou for the'account, and 1O06 for the SmallThe Four per Cents. Guamnteed, for money, 106a and for the accouat, 106; PerVIa )ol=lar Enis 58i,,57, and 58; Brazilian, for the account, 1021' the 'Four-and-a-B'alf per Cents., Newr, 96B and f ) BuenosAyres;foi'the account, -87; EcuadorNew Consolidated, 14 ; Ditto,- Provisional ILnd War=; rant, 4k; Grenada, New Active, 191; the Deferredj 7J; Mxeican, for account, 23 and 231; Pera-: vian Four-and-a-1alf per Cents., for account, -81: and 82j; and Cie Three per Cents., for the a- count, 5Os. - . . . 'The closing' prices from the Paris Bourse thX, evening failed-to arrive, bat the openingtransactionsa in the Three per (Cents.- were at .72f. 35c. for the end of the month, showing a further recovery of ,aeighth. TheFrench rate of .exchange exiibits great heavin ness, but as the decline-has been caused chiefly b the numerous purchases of Rentes on English 1c- count, and these have now been paid for, it may,probably, not go-further. The, fever of speculation now gradually cormenmicing wMll be -watched with anxiety by all who regardthe permanent - welfare of the country. Every fie' can see' that with the influx of buion the deianarid for new inveetmeritsawill increase, tiat this demandul will be met on slt sides, and thbat the majoritygo i the achemes introduced will call not merely for tht surplus funds seeking employment at the momeniit but will4pledge the community to a conitinned 'td. lay long after the tide mhay have turned. They care also recoonize thatthaefinalresultwillbea crash such as waswitneSed-ia 1825, 1836, and 1847, and which in th. is eountry.miybe looked for with absolute precision once every 11 years. The whole population will nevertheless go on, each muan. believing that he wi pause in time, andthat hismeighbouris tobe tli6 person -who must suffer. In such a state of aflblsi allwarnirgs are useless, since there is no difference of oimio' as -to thLe end. The only service thatecan be rendered. is to remind the public from time_.t6 time of their actual position, so that, if they increase theircommitments,toan extravagant extent, they may at least doD so with a full Inowledge of what they are undertaking. Thus far no danger 1asi been incorred, but a retrospect of the enterprises-of the past half-year wilL show that the amounts already engaged to be furnished are considerable; and that when these shall have been doubled op trebled-as will, perbaps, be the case during the next six months-they will make an aggregate sufii cient to absorb the disposable means of England for three or four years thereafter. Annexed is a list of companies introduced on the Stock-Exchange since the 1st of January, 1856:- ' * company. Capita I Acadian Iron ... ... .. .... 2000o0 2 Alliance Bank . ... ... ... u.. SOo 0000 3 Bank of 3-gt .... ... 2500009 4 Ottomana ... ... 500.00w 5 Bankof Switzerland ... - . .SO,03 6-Pemambuco Rail'ray ... ... ... ... 1,200,000 7 Rigs Railway ... ... ... 1,600 000 8 Ceylon Railway ... .. . ... SODP000 9 Eastern Bengal Railway ... . ,00.000 10 -Italisn Junction, .'.. . . . . ... 1,000 ooo 1 Lombardo-Venetian ... ... ., .6,000:001 12 Euphrates Valley .... . .. ... 1,000,009 13 T isanI4ercantile Ag'ncy ... ... ... .1,000;O 14 ColonialFibre -.. ... OO 15 Hiltidorf 'mins (Ceylon)... ... ... 10D.000 16 Turidshl Ga s' .1.. ... ... ... ... lOO QO 17 Cais8e desMAres ... ... .. ... ... 800,000 IS Quartz Reductieon (California) ... ... 50.0GD 19 Socidtd des Clippers Frar,sais ... ... 800.0OD 20 Trinidad.Fuel .,S ...nO ... ... ... 5000 21 Ruhrort Coal Mining Company ... ... 160,000 22 SToidtd Parisie,le for Supplying Coals to Paris 800,GOO 23 Fibre and Papei .. ... ... ... ... 100.000 24 Fairfield Candle .... ... ... .IGO,000 25 GreatYarmouth Fishery ... ... ... 30,00D 26 Hansor'sOliph Gas .... ... 50,009 27 ImSperial Hotel .. ... ... 1,000,003 28 Western Bank of london ... ... ... 400;D00 29 National Discount ... ... ... ... 1,000,000 SO0 West MIet= o polif,anBuc ... ... ... 300.0DO 3131 Banks>Df _%Vaes ....... .. .. ... ... 109,G99 '32 Vnity Bank - ... . .. ... 300 33 London Annoury' ... ... ... , 60.0DO 34 LondoaWine ... ....0 ... a0,0 35 British Slag. 50000 36 Bernards Patent Boot and Shoe. 120,000 37 Metropolitan Milk ..50,000 38 North and South Wales Stean Fuel .. .. 30,000 39' Metropolitan Field Bleaching and Scouring ... 30 000 40 Sunken Vessels Recovery ... ... ... 60.00D .41 Surrey Gardens ... ... ... ... ... 40,000 42 West Ham Distillery ... ... ... .. 2GO,OD 43 Thamnes Steamtug mnd Lighterage . . 200,000 ,44 Mid K-ent Railway ... .. ... .. 70,00D 45 Brighton Hotel ... ... .. ... .. 50,000 The aggregate capital apparently demanded for the 'above is 23,490,0001., a total which woula already seem alarming, but that it adlmits of several important deductions. The schemes from No. 1 to No; 22 inclusive are alone those which involve outlay in foreign.countries. They amount to 19,110,000 arid as, several, of them, such as the LombardodVenetian Railway, the Italian Junction Railway, thee Bank of Switzerland, and the Socidted-des Clippers Frangais have been subscribed jointly on the English and Continental 3xchalges,. the sum will be by that means diminished a'bout 6,000,0001. A6nother million or two may be estimated for the' Bank capitali, wvhich will probably not be required to be paid up in full. The actual amount, therefore, now promised to foreign.- countries may. be set down vithin 11,000,0001. This will not appear ex;tremnely heavy, when it is recollected that in 1853 a sum. nearly as large was undertaken to be supplied' `t one concern alone-namely, the Grand Trunk Railway -of Canwad-but it is of suffidient magnitude to iproduoe - a sensible effect, and, if it were in the shape of an immediate loan, instead of a number of .works wvhich will be spread over a few. years, it would not fail to exert, as our recent exp, rience regardingt the Turkish Loan may illustrate, 5 very dhcided and inconvenient influence on the mtoney-mnarket. - It :is to be borne inamind., moreover, that these.ciainas do not represent all that are in progress, since Australian and Canadian and -a mariety. of other' debentures are quietly negotiated 'almost every week, a:ad there in likewise an advandce of 1,000,0007. to be made to Sardinia. With regard tgi the companies --in the above list numbered 23 'to 44L, wrhoae operations are confined to' homze. there.: i listleto callforrenr. Theirtotal is 4,28,0001., and 1,OQO,0901. of, this is plac to the Imperial Hotel scheme,. which is either. in abeyanc or abandoned, -iwhile 2,100,0001. is tken by the National Discont Company and seeral banks, and in therefore in- n - W*Thw-rited fro'-public use. It is a singular fa tha --hile th e -law of lmited lisbility has bee aMled -on the ground that it would prove-g stimulus to the wildst speculaton, it has thus f£r Ied only to a fewl mnd.erate and for the- most pact useful projects, whict inay serve in thieir degree-the b ulthtl purpose of-findtrg employment for our energiec within the lim its of our owrn hores. - . .- The shipents of specie by thePeninsular and Oriental steamer tine have. amounted to th( npr'ecedeated sumG oE 810,322Ho of which 42oA525 isgold for Alexandria, Aden, and Hongk-ong, inl 767,47371. silver for Alexandria, Bombay, Calcutta Penang, Sing7.pore, lIongkong, Canton a;nd S1ra - Adviceci have been. receive4 by.the Joaeph Ste It apean that distrst has been revived -w regaird to the stat of the frontier, 'and that theu eesinesiAdbeenincreedb. lte de ch- of f1 3Wa3esty's seamer. Peinelope from Simon' Bay Maulrtius for dditional troops -F the Or
ST4TE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER., JunYC4 -`he market continues Moderately active, and pnees are in favour of sellers. The demand for -most- kinds, of :loth i-fficient to, keep stocks bare. The purchases for India sr4 Chiua are not considerable, but the Greeks are doing mare than of late. . For Germany and Italy the expot ar b)r, f amount, as also are those to Canada and Australit. u-yarns, sme trade is .doing :nt fine numbers foir Romsd, after a suspension of bisiness during two years, The chief improvement, however, is in the houiedemandc Exports have been on a good scale for the last sit months,, though at prices not so remunerative as could be triahqd. According to the half-yearly tables of Messrs. Da Pay raid Co. the total increass.of yarns exported fo- the last sixmonths, as compared-with the svine period of, last year. has beenl3,000,0001b., of plain calicoes 315,000,000 ypdt and: f pnted ahd dyed calicoes 73,000,000 yards, a- very considerable portion cf the excess lhving gone to the United Staten Messrs. Drt Fay and Co. say-:-" We are able to stats .that there has been an increased trade.carried on -with our~ tbrethren on theothersideof the Atlantic, comu,ared-withi the six months of 1855, in almost every article of textile fabric. We give the following details, which the accounts,, as now made out by the Board of Trade, do not show, tho toa exports only being stated. Increase in the above period tothe United States of Anirica- 29,500,000 yards of &-gain calicoes, 33,000,000 yards of printed and dyed calicoes r4000,000 yards of linens and to the amount of 530,OOQL in' ,wonsted goods."- Messrs. Robert Freeland and Brother remark of the trads for the past month . r ,:" The business of the past month has been upon lthe whole above the averae amont.- -For India and China, which are the princip markets for our plain staple goods, a fair business was done early in the month ; ad agin i the middle of the month, prices having 'slightly given way 'ostensive operations were entered into. For North and S0uth America also the demand has been active, likewise for the West Indies and other markets. Prices have fluec tuated slighitly from week to week, but are now about the same as our last ijotations, and in a few instances a mere . ion.higher. a.le sre also d.per -lb. higher, a nd -water twist 'd. to'4d. per lb. Stockso of-goods ar comparatively light, and favoulrite makes are engaged for hawne wreeks forward. "e recmkless pertinacity of the United Strtes' Governnent hasnotfailed to cause much anxiety hire; and, al.though thiz feeling is less gereral tan ltwas, ts1i nu re prdentt are impressed by the ominousi aspect of -affairs, aid' cannotbreathefreelytillatleast some progress bas been *made in tho settl3ment of the points in dispute. Withths. difficulty removed there is good ground to expect an active iand healthy trade for some time to come. - - ' -"The exports of cotton piece goods and yariis for the ' .-nlon6.h are 91J713 packages, against 81,859 for the same tm e ilastyrear. This is over the average-for the isst-threeiionith, which was 87,034 packages.6 ' " 'The followinn classification showsat a glance the pro rportion to thie venous mnarkets: : akgs.-Ls Cotton CottonlJ Pieegoods. Yasrn. r- East Indies .29.9 . 1t8 Ciae...4 ..0 Arlia .2.7 0.1 Central ad South America 20.9 0.2 lirth Ameica . .15.5 0.4 West Indies . 2.3 00 CoastafAc% a.. . U . i 01 Turkey, Egypt. and Len &. 8. 13.0 GesmauandHleiisad. . 3.0 . 27.6 - OtherEuropeaaStates. . . .. 33.4 "The total packages for the sin month's, January to Jane, are 527,710, against 481,086 for the same time last -ear-an increase of nearly 10 per cent. - "The Liverpool cotton-market has fluctuated in price 9tily about Id. per lb. during the month, and is now quoted about the name as at the close of last month. -" "Mule Twist.-The alight advance in our quotations was >tablished about the middle of the month, and since then the demand has been steady. - ' " Water Twist.-Oar quotations will be found id. to d. , peri lb. higher than last month. '!In piece goods there has been a latge aggregate busit - nes thsheaiestpurcbnses having been made in the niddle of de month and at rather under present; prices. Stocls of 40-inch shirtings have been cleared out, and at a shade tunderthepresent qaotations. 36 to 39.inch ditto have alto been largely sold, end are now about lAdI per piece of 25 yards higher. Madapollams may be quoed the same. T- loths and domestics, though quoted the same, have met with more ready sale. Jaconots have nut been much in demand, hut the prospects are now better for them."
THB COBIV TRAD. }fAMCHESTER: JULY S. w_ -ur ;a reporone weacoer nag Deen ali th3t could be desied, .Undunderitsintluenethetradein aU Uticle has become inactive. -he stocks on hand. however, cing exedingly light, vith ver- little coming forwavrd, there has been littl or no anxiety mnifes e to-srv siles; nevertheless, in the limited business trsactedienyer; ebad the turnaof prices in their fav.our. ^With the excectionl of zboutlt,OCOb3rr&1s ci lourteirom the Uited Statea and Cw,a. the arrivals at Liverpool from ailsoorces ore to s. very small extent. -Atour utarketthimomcstng the attendanc was fait. but only,w liaited bunes gcaedin wheat axdiour, athdecline Is. toh2e. er quate sd Is. rsackrespe;ctlvely. 'The ndvscce noted o atestand oameal on thisC yce'onight was loot Egptian beans' were I., and Iniat conr ZL. per quarer lower. *, )iItIE3GHAa. JUL 3. -b ( locester and Woseser markets onl tho 2Sth edt. the tenpply .ef wheat w.s good, andits oes made rere the torn under the cur *.rdacy of that day wxeek. .Brley still acarce, and. dearcr, hlit les, in . reqoest. Oats unaltered in value. Beans held for previous rates During the present week, owing to the splendid weather, the trade basruied *er doll and w heat and beans offering at adecline of i. 'to h'2' per quarter without ndgae buyrs.M Barley doll, and ratiher chsper. TheyameneCmrk appeiestotots isa Woleerhaampton, yesf cdaisy 2 wheat wvas ::5. to Sa. per quarter lower. e Attmis day'rmarCdetthere ,asa smal oattendace and2 borteniply ntahent but rices declUied stato3 nd.per quarter. Barley3 ndfoa mneentined thehryall v Litto progesvcoud hetmsdein ben attho . above reduction. * -! GLBASTOW, JerY f. WFrom Browsn ans Co.'s CIrcular.) The weather was changeable until Monder Inst, since when it has - turned dry end Sate, CoasUtndse the Supplies have bcenscantFyl from ,Ireland fair of oats a^nd o&tmeal; from abroad, byr the Clyrde, thep - 'constedof l2qualteduof wheat. 3,htcbdrrels of hour. andl70-losda :, f otnestlaromt Cadae 3.E60 bofrre2 ofeSour &nd-730 quartertds on *lattian cornfrom the Unitedl Statv,., and 10 quarters of beans, from f3e!1t: ViD Graogenroutweofe70 qnrters of w.'eat on io92 qoarter aof bemas from Hlamburg. The re has been lesa activity during thc stt eek and, wth small stocks, the previous currency bau beennout atinoined TPhi3 dayo s market was thinly artteded, and palearf any BLUETrEL, JuLy 3, aLtt.nco oirlasete'lveathe his' beeut ;rarm ind fravoural for the -The weather cOntinaues very ihne, und er tha infinenta of whicr ouer - neneet to-day tAed doll, dsrales of wheat could only co e,ected by Ormettteg to a declireeof Is. per quter On Englith Ed 1s on fcre4D; mrny holts, however, rosastediattlny on feimser prices. Bar Iet Lnd beans co,s3and jollypreviou ca, but thn.ioquldisr lether in only toa lnatedt extent. Oats are hetun cheaper ST = r OLOCERSTE JULY BA.N E. ew n l ardceoe0lamttheivreher has bee s thar and favouralefr, hse T vsiaring esoxri fte in. and there iging sy probability tat the harvesft will not bs ro5terta4r later than intl year. The hay crop, vvhich in es- p.iced to be very hcavyt is being secusredin extcelleot crder Ocymarket fcr whoihaw 3 eons ton aftse, holders o' either 3oogli. Gerforelgn of ood quhlity bdngt o,llegutobmeet the declinsnoted at ondon or aiverpool, Por stale defscriptions loser rates wou ae nccptcdirf buyems counddboftustl T1he quantity of barley offering I s so very trifling that qaotations are purely nominal. Beans arobeld icr last wcel'acurrltces Stocks 01 atiSbwn' earlycalasuated, the ;few7 on thte SpOt comumand very hish and irregullar prices.. X~~~~~ndterml, bat a, =STRA OF COLeEBS e Tv t S-m. B4O ardmiO miners employed at the Oak Colliery, Barns. ley, al e onrtril e5 alleging that tbe mane ns np; laa safe . - Cndition tv work in. A,portion of the pit recently took fre, and one of the men an the ,woritings wan burnt, -hut the,panprietors of the colliery atttiubed. the -creinlustBatt * otne.neglect ofthie man and he wvas dischsrged.+ f A- gene-; - ailfeebnrg of inatecueraty, howtever, preysib; umtwgthe meei, wrho have coennussicated wvith hMr. ortuon, thle Gvrm - ect-for the district, on the subject. He has sice in-. lpxCted t;he pit, anid several conferences have taken plece be-: * teen the muDes and their men, batt at present no arnge- mzns has ben madet bct vt thcm .. ~.. - -
- - Ivw:e.APoft VIC'-'EANLOS' CO1TS. .ITmv 3. : 'J - - . : I & TACO2 V AT.T.- ' . (B~ogV Mclo f . .K' ,with the plantif, sir daundin Lacon, oftlie fi-m ofLAICOn I d ., bankers, it' Yarmouth, as ian equitable mnortgsge SUCUrtji for moneys du-e- from Colk to the firni; andl these daedgrelAtsdtuthe tiLlebE.th-Be~.and-other innsbeloagi ingto Colk at Worth- Walshsm, but which- be-. hadseort. g to,ot&er parties, . who were in po.pssion of aportion oi 'the documents -relating to such premiaeq aud.Lacon and Co. hiving filled a bill against certc of suctinortge I e a rodeenV'the question, wasswhether the ideeds deposited with the plaintifS, inasmuch as they-were not all th_ docIsetS relating to the property, constituted a sufficient equitaple .mortgage.- 2fr.]iaily and Mr. T. t . WrIglht; ared for the plainiv;Mr. Swanston and Mr. Giffari for the Assigneest f Vo1k, who had, become.banknspt ;and-Mr. Bagallayfor thal i~~OHA?ecEtLoR thought thatwitoutdoub it *ns wellhettled, ind that it Aowea B noney, and Epjositea -tu t*IQ deeds of his esat notwithstnding-the Statute-of eaud-, that constituated ant eqitable mortgage without any wtingt, and gave. a liea upon the protty, and,not-| 'withstanding the just regret -of Lrd don that suchi a, doctrine - had ever, been established, . he hiamelf iad ce upon it, and it hadI been' acted uponL ever sn'- anid the queetion in this caseWas 'whethe'r a deost of part of -the -title deeds amounted to' good geqitabv e seortgage. Suppose the ownerof the-estate had lost an important,deed, nven the conveyance to himself, could -it he -sid that adod- oet oll the reat was notsufficient? His Honour thoiiht it could tot. It WAS clear anid well-known ine thetrceint caethat the reason 'why Colk cotid not deposit the whole of -the deeds was thas t they t 'were thpossso of his mortgogees, subject towhbich alonete plaintiff here gntstlI and therefore the depotitwa sutit. t (Before ed-C'hcanOWor Sir W. P. WOODd.) t EA.,iRy V. aWIs.lr t i lfr. L WMEa(with whom was Mr.:Rolt), on behalf 'Of the plaintiff, moved to enlarge the time for filing replicatio, hic wuldexireonthe7t ofJuy.The case has been upon so =Lauy occasions before the-Court, and reported in. Tha Times, that anyfresl statement of its c=ircmntaisc w*ould he superflusous. On the- 7th of June an orderywsi mnade directinm h panif.ogv surety for costs. The plaintiff had on the 23d of- June given noticeof an appeali againstthis order before the LoDrds Justices.. T'e a Ipal .bsd not yet come on for hearing. - The ground on'hc th aplication for extension of time'was rested Was, that ano ~ther.defendant bad beenL recently added upon the. record, from'-whom it was necessary to obtain ana answer, iaterroga. -tori et having been already- filed. , M%s TDoanxn, forthe. defendants, opposedthe motion, andi contendead that the plimntiff. 'who in this most hostile of suits, w-Pas iceeding 'with "the moqst nonckalaint coolnoss, -was entitIed- to zo indulgence and the less so as he had not complied with the ortvxiiEc'ingj him to, siv security. Jor 6ostsa&and. seemed in no huirL to prosecut6le~Ilappeal, --The VICE-CEALNCELLOn. Saidixomq., not disp osed to grant the plaintiff any further indulgence.--e'P suit was of the most hostile character, and the ]?lain.ir ] ing with all the deliberation iniaginblo e a bcne from his residencee, and-there was-an orAe dir&ting himi to give security for,- costs 'whch could not he enforced, -.and, ~although be had appealed .agsinst~ that order, nothing ha been done towards pressing oh that. ;ppeal; and his only poud fr aldx7g or hisindlgece was that -he had tio mst e efuedwit cats a tEsam time did notmea topreudie ay qeston s ten1arging the time
CORE:T OF QUtFXYg BENC' Wm vmT .Tm.v 2 THE Q9UEN V. THE' C-HCHWARDENS AND OVEPSEERS Or E ON. (Sitting3 in Banco, after Term, b4fdre, Z. JuHr. iee0tB- :DG d cMr. .ad ...7JticeRF1r;xi-. 3r. Justice Coleridge and lMr. Justice Erle s;t this day for rz short time and dlivered the judgment of the Court in several cases whichhad been wrevioulv areuedL The question raised in this case, and which the Court had taken time to consider, was whether the Regent's Canal naiiho endon in respctRoAf 8tAheir occu°patio ofA'E 130 acreu of landocovered with water, and used by them as a reservoir, in that parish.- MIr. JuaticeCon Gxn now delivered the judgment.of the Ctiotlnfavourof the respondentsthoparishofflcers HisLordship 'said this--as an ppealgaisneapoor-rate,andthe ques tions were whether the company were rateable, aud, i so, on -what Vrinoiple were they rateable in respect of their occapation of the' 1l0 acres of land in Hendon which they usedasareservoir? The land in -question had been. lars chased-at three different periods- 1A35, 18S, and 185' The frs two purhawes bad been made by the Grand Junction Canal Company and the latter by the Regent's Canal Company; but, as tLe first two purchases had been made with.the -money of the Regent's Canal Company, and substantially by that body, all three purchases must be rono aidered in the same light, as made -by the Rtenvs Canal Comnany. The Grand Junction Company haI certain nghtsnr3esp6ct of the reservoir, butstilt iwas clear fro he hole of the dclictmtancs' that the occupation was in the appellants. Theonly question, then, was as to the p2inciple upon which the appellra ts were toabe asessed, sead that depended en the 10ost sectionhe the statute under which the comrpany as fomned-vi, at the rate of 34 per acre for the whole. Judgment for tne respondents. d p - COSpILi V. WRhIGuT.oth In tis case the Court had granited a rule for a newm trial on the ground of misdirectioni. Thc action was brought jn the Borough Cou-t of Manchester, to recover the value of cert goeds which had been stolen from the plaintiff while a guest aean inn kept by the defendant, It appeared thait the plaintiff had arived aat the i aa late hour of the evenmng. In the frzst instan,e hewent into the commerial room, an!d then went to bed, leaving the door of his room ajar. H e placd his watch and sing upon the dressing table, hut when he rose in the mormng they were both gone. It also appeared that -at l'and o @clock rin the morning the "Khcots" let in two other guests, and showed them to bed-ooms; but the next morning,- when the articles were missed, it was discovered that the guest who had arrived at 3 o'clock in the morning .had left the inn, He w2s, however, subsequently taken into custody, and tned for and conncted of the robbery. The present action was then brought by the guest against the innkeeper, to recover the value of the stolen articles, upon the ground of his common law liability as an innkeeper. The latter sought to relievehimself of his liability by showing that the plaintif had been guilty of negligence, which had contribtted to the loss, by leaving his bedroom door open, so muca so that a person passing along- the pge might seE' the ivatcb, Ac., lying on the table.' The3 earned juadige who presided at the trial, the Recordertof thoe borough,held that, toexemnpt the defendant, it was hecessary fdr-himn to show that the guest had been guilty 4f " gross negligence," but without giving the jury-a direction -as to what constituted "gross neglipence?' The plaintiff obtained the verdict, hut subsequentlg the defendntif obtained-a rule for a new trial, upon the grouhd that the Recorder bad mis'directwed-the jury. Thernle.cauiq vnP to be argued on the 28th of April last by' Mr. Whieeler and Xlrfr.Kgyon tho' part of- the plaintiff, andhby hr.. Bill, QC.oa,g thb part oft the defendant. The Court took time to consider. hMr. Justice Earx now delivered the judgment of the Court in favour of the defendant. After stating the-facts of the case, his Lordship saidAthat two.nqestions were raised -before the Court. In the first place, the plaintiff said- that the particular acts imputed to hin 'were not ofsuch a nature as amounted to negligenceon his patt, and that the Recorder should have directed the jury that he (the plaintiff) had not been guilty of any negligenco ;.but the Court coul not say that there was not some evidence of negligence,6n the part of the plaintiff on which the judge ought to take the opinion of thejury. In the nest place, the tecibrder had said that unless there hadbeen l"grossneghgence" onthepart of the plaintiff the acti6n was maintainable, but he had not given any information to the. jury as to what -theyy vere to understand by the words -"gross ' negligence." The meaning of- "gross. iegligenoe" was an. 'absenoe of sach ordinary care as-a prudent.man ought to have taken of-his o*n goods. The goods remained under the charge of the innkeeper, so as to make him liable as for a breach of duty, pnless' the negligence of the guest occasioned the loss inl ~scha wfay that the les.s toold not have happened if the gnesf, had used the ordinary-care that a prudent muminght b?e raonably expected to have taken under the ciroumgtance6. The- 3ul~or' a newftrial wul& BeVmade absolute. - - - FeTMEAURTCE V. era JoHN BAnYxTY, -BART. The-question raised in this ctaue, and which depended on a correspondence which had taken placebetween the pestles, was whether there had been an agreement sigxied by- the defendant, or his agent thereto lawfully authobizeed, within the Statute of lraud. - The dispute arose out of these circumstances. The defendant, Sir - John Bayley haa authori2ed - his agent, Mr. Reardon, a house agent in -Piccadiill, to take -Hamilton-lodge, Kensington-gore, of- the plaintiff, Majo- Fitzmauxice- buat the agen' went ftither, and, without tho authority of his principal, also to W of the -lantiff- ertiun stables in Gore-lane adjoining. A correspendente subse quently ensued between Major Eitzmaurice ilnd Sir John Baylcy, in which the latter agreed to be bound bytbLe agreement, whatever it was, which was in Reardon's hands; and the questiaen for the Colrt was whether this correspondence amounted to a raIification of Reardon's act. -The question was argued some time since. ' - I MWr. Justice EBL1 now delivered the' judginent of the Court in favour of the plaintiff. The Jetteh amounted to a ratifi ation of the contract made by Reardon, and constituted :a binding contract within the Statute of-Frauds. The rule, therefore, would be discharged, and the judgment would atmnd for the.i6v tifThin*amim .opiniou.of them 'aori of the Court ;but his Lordship added, bo had been requesat ,17 -,Juatioe Crompton tos ai .that he was not prepared Rnl.e d!acIcrged. . '>'' ' shie ither points deea d werei of bo technieala Iia Wrecto (Si9inga atr N Prjw, aitGuilh, 6efoJMLordCANEBMz , - nd Spc4aurie) I GitqVZS V, IIACEKWOP. SiF F Th "' Mr., BOVilL aid Mr. Manity were donnsel for the EiiffiB', Mr. fdwiu' James, 3Ir. erjeant' BalIanlin.,and ^fr. J& Bi'owh ftf the-defendant: -' 'Te plUintlffiSMc shipowninr ,at Cdwes ind the aeioni 'wa~brcogbt to recover compenSetiOn forldamagea sustain6dhy o.nof the arelessand -ne,ligent modein -which the defendant, whc4a a thipbnider*-'had executed certain zepairs to a veseel called- the A~gust - tEe propery of 'thc- -A. Yverdict was taikcn by tpnsent for the plaintiffsDaimges SOOg.; the defefidafiit'furthei -undertildng to abandon hi3hlaimtforSEO,tlealWance of his bill for the rzis iiiquestion. -- - RVLIXWS'V. tATL!Y. Mr. Colier, Mr. Bovil, and Itr.Lush wrere counsel for tine pintiff- fMr. 3[ontagize Smi th nd Mr. Serjeant At)dnson Cor the uefendant.. - ' -: - After the ceae had been parbially opined it wAs sgreed that tho, cuse'-hould be refdnred; w' thereforo abetiin from entering into the facts., k any it&temenb we could ^must of necessity be oee-Aided. ' - - The next specialljury cas, 'which was ian ction.on r sfirvby6r'k bill, was also referrtd, and his Lordkhip then p 6 take conimon juty 0ases; . : . . - ~~PT7T'W t t ,..nnr ; ' _ 3hir..Lpl,and 311. Lax wece counsel for the plaintiff, Mr.' Ovearend nd Mr. Hollabid fr the defendant. - This was anracti-6nbroughtf g,inst the Sheriff,of Surrec o Iedver da'tages for anassa; and fdlse imprisonmen k The plainitiffis a,n-'oil merbant "residing at 8, Devonshire. ter`e, tands,worthoad' On tliO-10th of April last he was onkBroswickati,ef, Stamford street, when he*aTCjetdIY`pPeron Isowh6 'a,ddressed hRun as !'Mdr' ,How.rd," and aid h-e had ' *wamrtsjgairt hirm.. Ptaxntiff Muid lU narme was not EHward' and 'showed his pocket. iokn. which his na'me was warii;t. The officer persisted rbatp ln1ff 'was r. IHoward, but coDse1ited to accompany himxto the house of a friend. They caled oii two;' blt Wt, unfortunatel , were -ot,. Plaintiff was then talento d_.oisceof Mr. teal, the seris' officer. He there again xplaned.tbat he was not air. Ed*vrd, and was almost immediately dwcarged.. ' d My. OER b addressed the jury in mitigation of dt-eages., He submitted the'whole' matter was a mistake. ; -Th jiuryreitrned a verdict far the plaintiff,-Damges, SECOND COURT- at Nii's .Prtsu, at Gud'ki, blefou -sr. r iScc -,,.,.WIGI}TMAN rnd a :ciaJ utjJ. - : - 77V=GSTO"S V. BALL Ir., 5Wildea#dh :Mr. Blsckbene were counsel for the plaiintift,and Mr. Bovill and'Mr. IAaye for the defendant. *TJe plaintiffwaa- merclant, and the adcion wAs brought upon a contract forcargo of.wiat..- :The contract was in these! words, "'Sold, iby,order awd for account of Messrs. Ralli to.Mesrs. Livingstone thecirgoof wheat o bonrd lthe M.zy and Ellen, conisting of 2,630 -chetwerts, at 7. er quarter." The-amoint, wiich wits 5,3861, was paid hefre the delivezy gf the wheat, -it beirg a purchase of a c3r2 afloat,,and it was admitted that 2.630' chetwerts were 1, garters. Upon the delivery of tRi wheat the quantity was ound'to be eficient by37:quarteis, the value of *hlchvwas 10.. The plaintiffs then claimed to have 1001. returned on account of the deficiency, but tho defendants refused to pay it, and then the present action' 'wss borought to recover the 1001. under the contract. The questionwas, whether thiswas a sale of the cargo, or whether' it; was the sale of so many quarters IAn attempt was 'tien made to prove that it was the custom to take the contract as by quantity, and not by car .- Jr. Bovms. objected to such avilence being admitted. Mt. JUst;ie0 WIGT3N said, it was completely a qAestion upon the words of the contract. IMr. vni. said, he shopld be clite contented to have Iis Lordship's opimon 'Mr. Justice Wr,IGvNw~ said, he had no difficulty upon it. is view was, that a,contractfor the sale of a cargo conisting. of 2,630' chetwerts was a s'ale of 2,630 chetwerts. sp,ecific quantity was mentioned, and if there was a de. ficienicy the seller. must make it up. Ir. Bovm then wanted to hav;o what had already bee'n placed on the judgle's note struck olt. 'The JUDGE said, it was an idle w aste of time. thec ts atill insisted upon having the Cords "that judgca'note -s inthe ordinary fm" struck out'of the .'.The Junua repeated tnae it vik. The words jof -the contract were clear' ania"o_f time. qiantity. - Mr. Bovm still demurring the case proceeded. The fist, witness completely failed in proving the custom in either way, Soime parties conproaised' ratherthn go The second witness (Mr. Kingsford) slated, that if there 'shouyd be a short delivery it was *he general custom to leave thecase to arbitration. In some' contraCts a clause Was 'introduced, stating that deficiencies should be allowed for. Another witness stated that it was the custom to pay for 'all defidcincy in measure about I per cen.,. but in weight all deficieney was paid'ior.' Mr. Bovims submitted that there was not evidence of a ,custoni suficient'to control tne meaing of the c6ntract. The JUDGn . said, he could not wpithdraw the case from -r. bvivr then addressed the jury for the' defendants. The qestion wa, wener there -as -anyvcustom so ulliversa ithe trade as to be comnionly-known by all persons who dealt in the trade, that an allowance was to be made for 'a deficiency. He should eall nearly all the Greek houses to show that no such custom existed, and he would -produce -an immensenumber of contracts to-show how tho contracts were made; and in them, there was the ordinary. form withoutstipulation, but with stipalation for rpyment for deficiencies when such paymerAt ws intendedto be made. The plaintiffs undertook to prove that there was anuniversel custom in the trade to payr for deficiencies. The defendants' case was, that there wss no tush custom, but that-it had always been matter of dispute. Mr. Ionides gave evidence which amounted to this,-that if there was a sutatial deficiencer it wa-s more usual' than not to make an allowance. The maitter was referred. Mr.'Gallotti, a Greek merchant, always' refused to pay a deficiency, and in one case, four- years ago,-did not pay, but.since had paid in one case.. COuld not say eractly that th&re was a custom. les Ralli, Greek merchants, made Contrts for cargoesafloat; when there was no clause for allowing for a ;deficieney, none had been alloed 'where a party was sure 'there was a mistake an allowrance was made. The JUDGE thought that ended the cause. Mr. BovILL said, he'-could rot make bricks without straw. The jury found for the plaintifs, that there was such a custom.
COURT OF COMON,PLBAS, GunDnTx ITLY 3. JEWELL V. PAMR. (Before Mfr. .Tvjce WmLiS and a Speciat rury.) Mr. ser3eant Bylea and Mr. Wood appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Serjeant Hayers for the defendant. The action was brought for the recovery of 1751., the amount of two bills of exchange accepted by the defendant ; but this was merely a branch of somne very complicated proceedings arising out of various FllU transacUtons between the defendant and a person name4 Allen (since deceaged) which had given birth to two previo6s actions, and a Chancery suit, involving a considerible anount of litigati6n. It appeared that the defendant, who was iell known in the sporting world as a train6r ar,d owner of racehorses, had fallen into pecuniary difficulties in the year 14, when he first became acquainted with the daceased Allen, who was at that time managing clerk to his solicitors, Messrs. Phillips and Boss; and in the conrse 6o their acquaintance they entered intd putual bil transactions, extending down to,.the year 1848, when,i generil accountwas Imadeup between them,. by which the defeadant stood indebted to Allen in the sumn of: 1791.- Parr's affairs having in the meantime become prosperous, lie proposed to discharge the debt by handing over.to,.Allen the acceptance o.Sir Roberr, Clifton for the sum of 30. - which he did; Allen payinglhim the difference In the 'folowing year Allen againappliedto the defendant for his daceptinoes for.=., and, acordmng to the ztae6ment of ihe defendant, thesebiDls were rely, for, Alen's accornmoocation - ad, not bearing from ep,-b~oit'i%ppear~ed bad reducdieanfo o. to 175Lb variou renewals, theaied per- fectly in dferent, his good fortune stil increasinguntil' 1852, when he won the sum of ,,0(I bylii horse Weathergage at Goodwood Race 'Matters hsd not, however, been so roserous with Allen whose cizaunstances bad become re,uce y bythe loss of his situitioni, ending in his ,deth on the 15th of March,. 1853; an&d-pon that very ,day the defendant was, surpria'd by an application and immediate proceedings fo1 'certain bills overdue from four to five ieai ,j.wblc6. he at -once insisted were part of the old bill whrch biad been renewed, and for which he had never received -one fexthlig of donsideratinaf The bills, in aU six in number, haid found tkleir way'into the hands of theplaintiff, who wan described'as- an nsusrance agent and bill disacunter, with traiisactiois amounting to 50,MO0O a-year, the discount &ve ging froin 20 to 30 per cent.. The& bills had been brougl,tt to him'by Percival, a,son-in-law of the deceased Allen, and'the plaintiff, hearing of the defendant's success on the turf, advanced the sum of 601. upon them. The plaintiff, Jewell, was subjected: to-a very severe crossexaination by Mr. EaWuN JAsigs, in which he admitted that though hiis transactions were very numerous -he kept but very few books ind6ed. Percival, who described himself as son-in-law of Allen, deceased, also admitted, in crossexamintio:, that he was indebted tc Jewell to the amount of ,54L., andthat hetookthebillfrobih isfather-in-law's drawr, a. few days before he died, that 'he: did so' with Allen's ginction, though he was at the time'hardly able to sit up in beds Some other witnesses, called on behalf of the plaintiff, ;were also cross-examined, their issiAmony dif6ering in some particulars from that which they Iad swoorn during the proceedings in Chaney Mr. EDwue JaIrs then addressed the jury for the defendant, and characterized the action as a foul conspiracy, and one more suited for inquiry liefore'a criminal couro, and he unhesitatintgly charged the plaintiff with the distinct knowledge that thes bills hiad beenz taken up by Allen in his lifetime. Ee then ca-lled the defendant, who proved clearly, by letters from AlIen, that the bills were entirely for his (Allen's) accommodation ; and also M1r. RobEon,t,hedefendants solicitor, whodeliosedthatlhewas present - ian interview at his chambers between Allen and the ddefendant a short time before Aller's death, when the old bills *ere alluded. to and Allen distinctly. promised to returnl them all to the.defendant;.,and at that interview Allen begged defendant to lend him 20., which the defendant, did, taking a note ot band, which he nowsproduced. The learned judge summed upnd, a .instantly ret-ured Li veraict for the defendat
cOU1T of BAA°KRUP'TOY, BTu7Y3.. wrkx JomT,JuUussTurz fBr&o;e .3Mr. C OmMiWanCr FAIM- The banicrpt was aphipowner and rcerchant, of 3, Gren-. eille-street, Brunsick-snare. 'His aecourts commence January 1, 1855, with a cagpital of 124Z4, and dloei Mfaith, 1856, with the following items:-Mnsecured creditors,: 6,SOOL., securedditto, 9,3491.- lixbilitiei, 2,1351. ; property estimated to -zea5ze ,761 roperty held 'by credEtors, 11,4S6L~; other pzbperty, lSSt.16; lo, 9,659L; trade ex. penses, 9671; dor4estic and- personal expenses, L173E mnterest and discount, 53f. profits,. 4571. The prndpiI 106ses are on acconht of the lron1Diike, the. bark- Tzy se schooner Alfred, the bark Adventre, the Victotia, the lIlam, the Glendalough estate anda live stoc, yard for sslt in,shop at Clifden, Irelind; nd' L;ondon and 2'iorthWestern stock. -- His 1tosoun niov granted a drst-ass cetideazte, 3>. Iawvrance, for the asingnees, not ob3ecting. .~~~~~~~~~~~~~~3r _ * YISOLiV:YT DEZTOIW COURT, Jul1 S. (Before -Mr. Cornmia-b""r PnMLIn) IN bE SRlE l RICHARD BROUN, BART. In this case an appLcation was made for an extension oftime forthe lngofaschedule. Theinsolvent, who isconfinedintheQueen'sEri3on; has ontwvoformer occa-- sionsmade sinilar applications, 'which hsavebeen granted neon his statement that he expected to be able to-r snge wth his creditors. - The case belonged to Mr. Commissioner Murphy's list, but as that learned Commissioner was not: sitting the present wppEcation was made, as the extendedperiod -ranted n the last occasion would expire to-day,` after wThch the insolvent would be in contempt and be liable to removal t*a part of the prison affording less conveniences than that in which he was at present resident. Mr. CommissionerPnmLI'sdeclinedto interfere in a cas which belonged to another court, and refuised to grant the application.
POLICE. Bow-sInEEs.-Dennis Collins, an rish vagabond of the worst grade, was charged with being drunk, and creating a disturbance at the door of the St. Giles's workhouse jt half-past l on lfednesday night. i . 'The charge was preferred by Philips, the porter, wha stated that the defendant 'was in the habit of cominng to the workhouse nightly' and demanding admission as a casual pauper, always di.charging himsel the next morning. It was not desirable P allow the place to be used as a commdn lodginghouse, and consequently he-had repeatedly offered to adiitdefendiait, although a strong ablebodied man, es aregulaininmateo but he invariably declined, stating that "he should have.to *ork- ihich:be' objected to, while he colh,be supportedby hs -children?. "<'The fact rw,shis young children ere sent into the-'streets to beg all day, nd the defendant;waited for them at the cornersof streets and byways, readr to grasp all'their 'earninDgs in tbAs way.. He allowvethe cbildrenld. each forthemselves, an spent the remainder in dink; and the children had often confesed that they were flogged severely if thev did not pirocureenonghinobeyto satisfyhisvwasts. OI(the nughb iu question he had left them at the .door of thew orkhouse at !Y'clock, desiring them to wVnit tillhe returned; but he did not return tiUl nearly 12, 'and then he was refused ad, mission, being drunk.. The' defendaist 'then made the children lie downwith bim in front- of the worlhiuse doer, doubtless to excite compassiona but a constable was sent for, and he was given into custody. 3Mr. JannBs, hbving called one of the children into the witness-box, asked him if it was true that his father sent him out to beg? The chUd, a decent-looking boy, attire.infilt-y rags, and himself extremely dirty, admitted that hia father was in the habit of beating him i he could not get enough money by h-e ,prisoner denied this,and said he could get as much work as he liked at Bsttersea-bridge if his worship would let him go. He worked hardat stone-breaking. Nr. JARDINE committed him to prison for a month, desiring the child to oome to the court, or tell one of the officers, if the father sent him out begging again. -Inspector Iodd informed 'the magistrate that a small parcl of gold nuggets which had been recently offered to Mr. Clark, pawnbroker, of Long-acre, by an old nan who said he picked them up in Covent garden market, had beea claimed'by the ownor (a young man from Australia), in conaequence of the advertisement in the papers. ws worship advised the offlcer to give them up, and observed-tbat the pawnbroker had acted very creditably' in the -,tter.' ;futs.OROUGI-sTlRRT.-Henry Croucler was chargd with attempting to strangle his wife, Elizabeth Croucher. The complainant aaid, ahe had been separated from her 3n6baAd for three months on account of ill-usage. Iast night she met her husband, wbo urged her to go home withYiim. Fealing'satisfiedtbat ahewouldonly'endure a repetitios-o} his brutality, sheTefued, uponwhichbheeiied her by tho thbroat, ard squeezed her -windpipe with esch force thatshewanearlystragled and.'-lost her enses for the -moment.' r .. .. ~ ' . '~ -. :- - - e- : '"Polistcoustble ,ool said, he round thee eomplainant in a 'fitievqiDgto-te drfendint-isiolenee, 'HEer thrAt wwso ~~~g=~b mb litEd_ ifer i M no4l ix thie juidce of Mr oi-H q a mrdingtei'Wiid. oar ityted to had, lauchLoed with ro. berth, - -ETarwaK tU wairrt e ffioeriets64-1Ia: faku in the eTening to te #0pof a P&n*kroUBahr4B% an. offeied in pledo two dinord stu, -orith guii aitdalirpectd heyCwerb nAhaNt 'I &dCl& fr whra had -got then , and shep ami thicked he B i- dba d* onld1y i WLsdUL -la t, tZi h. i r. z % I eiked her whe-sbe lif enWbhk th ad W i mtvit behav~~~~~~~ed .w. fthaet itt. bqit I told her I kne w bruirand-l l e airvauk onwbch shie mpdeutly-toddeiAtI t1} 6pLt where &he6 Sh U_ pzh=;S holeft e tabt on the arn IoCa ioet red the- sione was sdde ' Hi iF. a9 w ileu; teriS, I Iodgd -rr .i- tasdti ,01 dii Uri bfLtat Oernly cort.y Hef'ori for, tbukgeW :mg Il,Pwntr.oker' t -eig prisoietesv.4 to o0r sbap, and, slowig -m e di&= Wnd rducte.d aeked me tberiod war charged wiath rey. - )ywart, the wiartint . Iloark atd,weruled livached the evncnl te thetir ahoplef a sunbrkeein sthe w an ti4m foun?h ncar 4awbo toim.sebaur Uoe in leg twe Of stuerd P orit Inquirea. and lie suspeted klte dyls wthi *-aenat wtr, -bush I,anl cornlnticchid thSer u i IaSed Hera wherer shee Ac and mer int, I taoldher i knew eci , but beMined siut.mea ad ore whichnd lh Empadee.ns tld suethaI bfnd sernt where hefloer abonthadeairitareel thedihamdnd,t .et ywdeg thet -on th wraXder fcd ina te watza oy the ni6one aod ad isn o . of tl Heas in th preton oon tem,e r Icieri tlhe staton ayd went tJsern ta se3hem waor asertihin r herinte grity. heeri sentn (cotly ber.-Iogm for atne r meroun ganet 'fXr.aHis to aWindorterran cfebintT_prisonerha Yern thore fop abdu diownoe mentioe dthiamd dstumo nd-s tdcuaes!d sre dheirva DI uere uayonw tdas ackiente weld "abehr toncertain tht'at,askedr he a 3held meesiinrf tha lced. ite seioa but in mth egodr MM, 1 mover authorizned the prisonegrbemanydel etDIte toO.lthemordasoercibevry al aI r ex ConIEr collyleThise gstndser w mat e s e enotu the riy th me inebri sint rould o Sf erp£ fae ttear, Oukrak of icrha Ididn'W ientis-ne, a is -at rstabi5, mwe onntdservosn' mastil ueceher,snd E,otho3eerlesmdeorfee teto Ie fd her tls teofutfice ame,ap t nh thr Imaulse Ionfead c. nicin, apo a m -rudenerd-plcter,toeh he rosdpe ad waspobt aDneddey thatcle suhe neDs ah writencharcterm as tohe inotherity. hre m ereussn, Krs Ed erIs atmE-st ap ea to heardl mersant thareaingwfethoe inpwerwsof nse in ratoent ing t partenrt. being exILhd nsed fhe him nt, tonly metoll doeso, telL me [Q'fjnMr.-arr tisWidenoet a heprisoner was * jGm ha been pesdx,wen met a o-te Ld oes s or3 Mr Tn pionr, said -Tenductedherre makes x. voSery artservain thret or. abot thordee outd d. Te aomnied otter troom maver authortho prisonisal onf- t ioth to mse bat- hemr acertain agirns, tao. is fNe PEise CoRlly.-Thiesd hedtleman bhe pwornc,Sor.ga-re anideeatein conidraon n mc3ia cbahinfr iffe izlage ar.eng widh he. Ieinot entin tisee-atr, riestbt, no last eamistion, i thes case. fer' onuth p S mner hd bee ethatp find thecU as bruh eee r ugipon thias chearoter mus gh- israess, 31m he 5_ ahod caing hme to her said, monhs' - Theprlseeut, aithoh o hoseretches irhwie ocelrl-wth JolwhomI ha pase t , iui'k tol e tpodoE so, E[enigm the reanin o teo pisoner iadion, so; but nt owrt beat eplatmIned tat timhe not only wheopl deiedt rth iection oery hodinadt. herelf worhondeuta;1 ulpne throeudght, wn the mornered tof e commithftedr -dal, wd he nex eeo -r Comm said,T-ThemA ~pIsonerma agr 6 ofr serons charli:t oefore7toclo, SrIsm, woal cispoe of the oaiitte an n&er ntgseross on A ellol wished ittle gir.age 7,3siing wtith aher ts ina Annstrdeet, Isintat,sufzn Oi nDom. sfo the Frioends.OeonductSr, it is anters r io h aeernd heesfraold ionerhiam a ax wonfeonth tohe mtht her accusatio. Ha larst the Hoseutorise atien. Mpr., White, au, d othcadbte borempo of Mir. cme Mr.ba Daidus contractor,- am aL Gerg'nwhzch_agtresiding Brsudmned, f4 healloved tof and wki as prset ao the liast mninationthi cse.Afterthe prhicn*toner hrantd; bhee oleenpi in the mells she reonimzaed fmeD havith bther of trertess, torse Hua, anhdrcaingmetoh s aveid, ;o St, I can'ee thatinkthe maorningouf uhe cnharge auanest ahorEtyer htorme 7 e oftose retches inee the a ce,w OMfr WA TaDLES- Mi,it aM R itaSsel1n&r*4M he r Wntht eor whomIht adpasseotiniagmostodismeodo so, tellufeingre Ihe foultdhe sornd-fnete d i It undird ." ts,ddle were a t once pafdMr. Hr. came persuaded mhe tor.y that, ithbeinhg dntens;btIoa that wht I frststhated wasg Ic- ncrite twsstrue.ba The_ pribsoner whore wee in ducTmT hesefwthatcnidn at fulnes throDghout wsLd ithe orderefta to be committbedfore triaea uthe aned smedss edfedntons.d ots hl 7,ereszidingot er paa T renHobs i n.sre,lntn Twaa;&-George Green, a young maLn, tie waiter at the Biown Bear Tavern and Concert-room, ILern-street, Whitdchae, wbrought before Mr. SL,r charged with recelv.ng,knowing 'them to be stoler, a gold watch and gold guard, valued at 20, the property of 3r. Wl2liam Hughes, themiate of the sipSwitzeland, aboutt sail to Australia with passengersand goods. The prosecutor stated that two nights since he was in a publichosue in the neiglibeurhood of the St. Katharines )ocl, and only had two glaaws of grog. He beb'dved that he was hocued with a arcotic drug by some of the persons in whose company be felL He became quite drunk and seuselems all at nce, and when he came to hIs enses he mismd his gold watch and gold guard, valued at 201, and all the money rrom his pockets. Geoge Keate, po]oe-conetable, fl2nI, said, the proseuntor was found in the streel , quite inensible, on Taeday nigt, and whenhe recovered, he sid he had been strippe of isw,atci4 g daandmonen. Fromifformationhereceived he went to the Brown Bear Tavern,in Leman-rreet, and asked ,he prisoner, whowas head waiter there, if he hadnot pawnel a gold watch and guard for 8. on Wednedaay mrnoing andredeemed it again on the same night. The prioner sAid hehad done so, andproducedtheproecautoesgoldwatch and guard, and accountedfor the o n c :t by saying that three women came mito the Brown Bear in the morning, and, producing the watch and gazrd, said they picked them up in a street in Whitechapel, and askedhim to pawn them for S. He-complied -ith their requees, and when he gave taem the monev they made him a Present of the dcupicate for his trouble, and he :redeemed the gold watch and guard'sithjhis own moneyand tookthenihome. Hesearched. the prIsioner's box axnd foundinit a beautiful gold.headed. cane, ith a gold ring which he should sy was not worth less than101. The prisoner >ccounted for this by san ng that he found it in his masters parlour, and it had ben left there by a customer. 2tr.SEIXEinquired if the prisoner's statement, that he pawnedthe watchin morning and redeemed it in tho evening ws correct. Keste renlied in the afirmative, but the prisonler, when he pawned the wcatch and guard, said he w>ate 81. for the purpose of remitting it to his motherin the country. r. Hughes identified his, watch and guard. He was senseless -when he was robbed. He was about to sail in his ship to South Australia. I Mr. SE s;aid, the prisoner's statementamight be correct, and advised him to be more carefulin future, forhis oGnduct ,was 2net altogether free from nsuicion. The 1risoner.-It wil be a lesson to me as long as live. I redeBmed the watch with my own money, and when I pawnel it gave my right name and address Ke4e said that statement wss quite correct. Mr. SELrr observed that it woulaiave been mnuchbetbte the prisoner ad made some inquiries *bout the womenx who gave him the watch and guard to pawn before.he pawned them, sad he ought also' to have communicated with his matr. Hie should diacharge the prisoner, because he thought no juy wrould convict himn of pawing the watch. on the evidence produced, and because the prosecutor w9as going to sea. He ordered the watch and guad to be restorei to Mr. Hughes. Keate.-Andthe gold-heased stick, what is to become of that? ofr. SETFE-Deliver that into the hands of Mr. Brand; the landlord of the Brown Bear, who wi no doubt try to ;ind the-owner. If the prisoner ees anything in his master's parlour again let him give information to Mr. Brand, his master. I SoUHWAxR.-Willism J3agley, a all young fellow, was brought before Mr. A'Brcix= for fmal exanination, charged with stealing a purse containing S&. O. -from the person of Harriet Hawkins, the wife ofaitradsmanresiding in the Waterloo-road. Mr. XBEcns-rr committed, him to the House of Correction fo- three months under the 1b ew 0iminid Justice Act. LAISTIL-Henry Osbomi, a carpenter, and George hedus, a tailor, were brought up on remand, audplacd-M the bar before Mx. EuaoTr, on a cbarge of obtaining fronx George Fluke the sum of 45. by fraud and false pretences. * Mr. )Teale appeared for the prosecution and Mi. Solomon and Mr. Lewis, jun., for the prLsner. The case, from the examirLation, cross-examination, and speeches of the advocater, lm-o and con., occupied the time oRthe Court nearly two hours; but the bridf fatsi are these: The prosecutor was left by the will of a deceoaed friend about 1401, and having expresed his anxiety to the prisoner Medus, with whom he bad lodged for some years, to make profitable use of the mone7, tbat person introduced to him a person who sid sa was Maeon, and represented himself, to lie, the landlord of the Blue Anchor beerhousein the Beet India-xoAd, Poplar, and to this person, -whom he 'oeit-vely swore to be OGborr, the prosecutor advanced 45C on iiis depositing with him that wich ae described to be a rolicy of inruranoe on his life for 2001. anda promissory note for 50,. The policy of insurance ithe prosecutor discovered to be a forgery, and ho nardd thia latter fact known to his landlord, the prisoner Medus; a bo:i in his bedroons had.bten broken opena few nights ufteriards, and while the proecutor was ;iewing the peaoe illaminationsi the promisory note, the policy of insurance, and If. Ifis in cash, were taken away. Sergean': Bionaine was enae in the matter, an agiorehended the prisoners, wrbo, though'l old friends and acquaintances, denied all knowledge aE each other at-thjsttionlionae. he.guilt of the pixier Medus inuh Xeesama
EXTRsAODUrARY CHSARGE.-A case which has created considerable interest was heard before the Mayor Mr. J. Brown, and two other magistrates of the borough of Windsor, on Thursday morning. Mr. S. P. Barrett, solicitor, Eton, appeared on the part of Mr. Graham, complaining, and Mr. U. S. Vonles, solicitor,Windsor, for W. An-o, a policeman. After Mr. Barrett had stated the nature o? the case to the Court, he called his client,-who deposed as follows :--e had been dining with the officers of the Grenadier Guards at their mess in the Infantry Barracks, Sheetstreet, Windsor, on Saturday evening last, and on arriving near the Windsor-bridge, abont half-past 12 o'clock in the morning, a policeman took hold of him and said, " I arrest you, Sir, for uttering counterfeit coin ;" the officer at the same time charged another man to aid and assist in takin complainant to the station-house; on their way thither, and -w'thin afev paces of theMayofs residence in Thames-street, thedefendant, turning round, said to complainant, "Youare frying to swallow something," and knocked him down. The policeman and another man then knelt on complainant- the policeman put hisfinger into complainant's mouth, andthrust it over his tongue and down his throat. CompLainant struggled to extricate himself from such rough treatment, when the policeman hit him in the face, the effects of which were st,ilvery visible. Complainant was then allowed to get up, when his pockets were searched, and aboilt 41. in gold and Ss. 6d: in silver taken from them. He requested to be taken either to thelnfantry Barracks orto the Christopher lun, Eton, where he had been staying, but this was refused him, and he was locked up until about half-past 2 o'clock in the morning, a' which time Inspector Eager came into the room and head the charge of the policeman, who said that defendant had given him two si3pences to get him lodgings, both of which-were counterfeit. The inspector, on looking at the coins and finding them to be good, allowed him to go to his inn, after he had told him his name, but sent a sergeant of police with him to see if he was known there, when he was recognized by the "boots." He was perfectly sober, and did not speak to a single policeman or any other person from the time he left the barracks until he was arrested. Never gave the policeman or any other person any money that night to get him a fly -to convey hir to the Christopher Inn. Policeman Andrews said, he was on duty in Sheet-street on Saturday night, and walked tap with a gentleman, whom he believed to be complainant, to High-street, and handed him to AnDo the coomplainant having told him he wanted a fly to take In to the Ubristopher- Inn, Eton, where he was staying. James Ware, them mrE on the bridge, deposed thathe heard the timoicenman chaige the complainant winth giving hinm two adxpences, -when he denied having seen him before, or. havmg given him any money; the policeman told him he mnust go to the station-house, and when complainant refused-. to go witness was charged to aid and assist. He then .deposed to the facts of the suffle in Thames-street. A publican named Catt said a policeman called with a gentieman at his house at a little after 12 o'clock for a fly to go to Eton College, but he declmed to t2ke his horses cat at that hour for so short a journey. The magistrates chs,nser was then cleared, and on the rblic being readmittod the magistrates said they were of cpinion that the officear had far exceeded his duty. It wasy ayto nover fromtbeswtlemanly appearance and manner of the compl t, thatb;ewas not-a "Esmaer" besides, a "smabher' wasnot in the Subit of giving money away. The policeman-ws fined It. 7n. including gostU or in default ons =0ozijl imsprisonent.
ThR H EBfINSULAR MAIlls& - - (BY, ELECTRIC TELEGRAIH.) SOUTHA PTOM, THUnBSDAY NIGOT. By the Peni;sular and Oriental Company's teamship Msdrid, Captain Bradshaw, with the Peninsrular mails, we have dates from Gibraltar, June 24; Cadiz, June 25; Lisbon,mune 29; Oporto and Vigo, June :0 The Msdridbrings 65 pasengers, 633; . specie, and a cargo of oranges, lemons, eg, -wine, elephants? tusks, &c. During the voyage sho spoke, on the 29th ult., the Victor Emmanuel, entering the Tagus; also Her MaJesy's steamship Himalaya, steering south, on the 1st irst., in lat. 4152 W., long. 8 23 VT., exchanged signals w,th the BritisS screw &teamer Arabia, steering S.W. TheMadrid leftwo French steamers-of-war anchored in the Tagus on the 29th nlt. The Lisbon ecmhanges for three months are quoted this packet-On London, 54g to i, with a short supply of bill, 'which were generaZly held. for 544-;_.Parii effected at 5 21; and Hamburg, at 49; Amsterdam, 431, noninal; as aso Genoa, at 5.17. Stocks and shares. atber dull, at 43 to 43i for Three per Cents.; Bank of Portukad shares 502 to 505 milreis per share;. and Oporto Bank shasps 18 to 20 per cent, preminm. hi Julio Sanclese improved state of health had enabled him to take charge of the Home Department; he had also taken his seat as a peer by virtue of a nomination passed in the reign of the late Queen, and thus prevented further discusion of the questions raised by Count Thomar, in consequence of 3M. Julio Sanches continuing to fill the office of £resident of the Lower House while he was known to have a right to sit in the 'Upper. Viscount Sa da Ban. deira had given uip the portfolio of Public Works, which the Conde de Louie fills ad interim, in conjunction with the Foreign-office; while the Viscount finds employment in the Marine and Colonial Departmenits. The Govern. ment had brought forward in the House of Deputies a bill to authorize the projected loan of 1,500 contos, or about 333,0001., for the purpose of continuing the railway and other public works until the nexct legislative session. For this loan the Board of . Public Credit is to creaie bonds or inscriptions when required by the Government, which is to be authorized to raise the loan as it may judge best, provided the yearly inte-Ats did not at any time exceed 25,0001., or 112A contos, - being equalto 7A per cent. SD far the Government has not proposed any special tax to meet the interest upon the projected loan, the bill simply stating, " The Government will hand over to the Board of Pablic Credit such amount of Customhouse revenue as will be necessary to pay the interest upon the public securities it may issue." This implies the progressive increase of the deficit, said to have accumulated to the extent of 500,0001. during the last four years, which is lkely to be greater in. 1856-7, on account oi the certainty of a very scanty harvest, added to the agricultural distress consequent on the continuation of the grape disease. Occasional cases of cholera had appeared; one or two persons had been carried ofl. The Board of Health had directed the Lisbon Custom-house to declare, upon the biUs of health given to vessels leaving Lisbon, the best medical authofities asserted that the disease -was by no means epidemic; but still vessels coming out for Oporto were required to perform quarantine at Aveiro. The King had gone down to Iafra for a few days. The sailing-transport Haniet put into Gibraltar on the 24th ult., with a return cargo of ordnance stores, from the Crimea, bound to Deptford. Her 3fajesty's steamship PrincessRoyal, with the Scots Fusileer Guards, en route feo England, was coaling at Gibraltar. The steam-tran-port King Philip, with the 2d battalion of the Bide Brigad0, on beard, anchored off the Neew Mole on the 24th. The Soltana, for Liverpool, from Balaklava, put into Gibraltar on the 21st ult. Her Majesty's sailing troopship Apollo, from the Crimea, had also arrived.
DINIER to SIR TV. P. WILLIAMS at WOOLWICH. It having become known that Major-General Sir W. F. Williams had accepted an invitation to dine at the Royal Artillery mess, at Woolwich yesterday, the day preceding his installation as Commandant of the Garrison, a deputa. tion, consisting of some of the members of the Woolwich Board of Health-namely, Mr.Graham, Dr. Richardson, and 'Mr. Edward Sargent-waited on him on Wednesday Last at the Colonnade Hotel, Charles-street St. -- state the desire of C1^ .- e-Pumaon were cour. _ _ o.sc:a Dy the General. who readily acceded to their request. The name of the gallant defender of a has been rendered from many circumstances familiar to the people of Woolwich. They were therefore pleased withthe opportunity of testifying their congratulations. It was atWoolwichCoile-ethat newaseducated. The people of Woolwich therefore fe'lt it a duty they owed to themselves to testify, as far as they were able, the recognition o'f the high honourconferred on their town bythe appointment of the brave and gallant hero of Ears as the Commaudant of tb^~ garrison, and to receive hiur with marks of -their approbaison. The offices in the various departments of the Ro al Arsenal were completely vacated at half-past 2 and~ the whole of the mechanics and labourers were permitted to turn out and welcome the arrival of the new GeneraL The artisans therefore formed into a body, and hastened to Coarlton to awalt his arrival, and preceded him thence toWoolwich, with their band of about 30 instraments playing national airs. At the entrance of the Common, fronting the King's Arms Tavern, an enclosed platform had been erected, and was filed with well-dressed ladies, who wavedtheir handkerchiefs and gave other signs of approbation. Over the centre of the enclosure to the portico of the tavern was stretched the Royal standard. At this spot the carriage was drawn up, and the chairmau of the board approached and read an addess to the General congratulating him upon his safe returnto England, and expressive of admiration at the noble conduct dispayed by himself and his gallant companions in arms at the siege of Ears. General WuA=s briefly replied to the address in tha f?llowing terms:-Gentlemen,-The reception you have given me on my arrival at Woolwich equals, if it does not exceed, anything I have met with since my retura to England. I conceive it, therefore, my neculiar duty to express the pleasure I feel in heartily thanking you for the expressions of your a pprobation, the more so, coming as they do from the people of Woolwich, where I was educated and passed a considerable portion of my young days. This is 3ndeed, flattering to me, and I feel it almost as much as the high honour which has been conferred upon me by my Sovereign. I beg to thank you for the kind manner in which lou have received me on my return to my regiiment Thi-iilnever be effacedfrom mvrecoolection. ly ancestors, the WiDliamses, have servedin the Artillery for upwards of' 150 years past. In all my exertions for the happiness and tranquility of the town I shall endeavour to act in conjunction with the town. The General was continrallv interrupted by the bravos and cheering of the aisembled multitude who crowded the street. Mrs. HaUl Graham, who was seated on the platform, accompanied by the two daughters of Mr. George HIudsen, immediately fronting the carriage, arose with the intention of presenting a bouquet to the General, on observing which he gaaUantly descended and received the p resent from her, and thanked her for it. The following address accompanied the bouquet:-" Allow me, most gallant Sir, the high honour of presenting to you this simple bouquet of 'fowers. Their language, if it could be expressed in words, would testify how Joyfully. in common with the ladies of Wooolwich, we hail your arrival in our town, and how earnestly we all oraythatyot may be spared as a blessin to the nation on -which your bravery has conferred so much honour. And when your work shaal be done on earth mav you receive that crown which unlike tnese 'lowers, shalt not fade and die." ' The General then addressedl the ladies. Madam,-I know not how to express the gratitude I feel for the warm and Landsome reception you Iaave awared me this day. If anything could Ndd to the ratifiation I feel it wvoild be the hin cmanner in which have been received by the ies. Allow me to thank you for this beautiful present. I consider thes as one of the happiest Moments I hanve expernced since my return to England. He then shoo the ladites warlye by the hand, hd returned to his carriage, wben a 'co.mnsieabetime o elpsdbeforelhe couldproceed, frormthe dstermnauFrb, o taf the eople to take out tne horses and drag him to his destinationo. The 'members of the Board of Healtholhowever, with the assistaR6e of Mr. aLliheu andl a body of police, atlength succeeded in forming themselves- into order, and the procession comnreenced its ie of March to the badrtacks amid hearty apv - planae, headed by the Royal Artillery band playing hSee tle conquering hero comes." "rome, sweet home," ana "Auld lang syiner and folltwed by the Committee of the Beard of Healthi, wearing rosettes of red, white, and blue. ribands. The Genera alighted for a few minutes, and then proceeded to the house of Colonel Teesdale, thousands of"Persons follown thecarriage. TheGeneralreturnedItothe mess-quarters athalf-past7 o'clock, where, independently of the members and honorary mnembers of the mess, the following gentlemen were assembled t meet him, with' the excepton o ColnelLake C.B, Liuteant-Colonel Teesdal, CB.,Mr Chrchll,C.., nd r.Red.house, C.B., who ccomanid hi :-ajorGenral Sir C. York, Miltar Seretry;Lietennt-enealG. A. Wetherall, tantGeneal;Lienenan-Geeral Sir R.Aiy,Qatmaster-GnrlCone the Ron. A.GodnDety Quartermse- ea;M.Francis Ple,Odac St re-1 r CmoreShepherd, Supeitneto h D.cyr;. ooelCl,Commanding RylEgne Colonel Brown, Comnat oa iarinss iueat Colonel Forbes, Stf fie fPenier; ajGe:aeral Lewis, Lieutenant-Governor ofthRoaMitary Academy; Captain Sutherland,Barcmse Veterinary-Surgeon Stockley; Rev. Mr.Brw,Rc tor of Woolwich-' lIeutenant-General SirJh r goyne, Inspector-General; and Colonjel Mfatson, DeputyAdjntant-General, R.E. The band of the regiment was stationed in a temnorary hail erected for the occasion, where they7 performed during dinner; anid on the removal of the cloth they occupied a, asmail room adjoining, where they played at intervals. Nlothing could exceed the cordiality with which the General was greeted on all sides. In the evenina the Town-hall was Mluminated, the whole of the architectural frontag beinig ornamnented wvith colouredI lams.th iiti" . " uportd y rech,Tukih,an
TEN TONS OF MEJRAT WASTED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Where there is great waste there should be great plenty, and I, therefore, beg to congratulate you and the public at large on the said waste,, which, as I hear, occurred at Newgate-raarket last Monday, when and where no less than ±0 vanloads of prime meat; stunk forwant of buyers! But how, for want of buyers, Sir, when we unowi oW pen mark4, such goods must always fetch something '? The explanation given is in thb price, viz., 5s. 4d. per 81b., being one-fourth,'if not a third, highsr than it ever was before up to the rise within the last fewr years. Well, -out price is an effect depending on supply and demand, and is not a cause; and bow could high price have such a tendency to waste? Nevertheless, so it is; and, Iowever, in the first place; one serious appreh.ension is removed, viz-scarcity, which has been the caure assigned for these high prices. It appears, Sir, that the selleis rule the market. Last week the price was 5s. &d The way they appear to deal is thus:-You, the eonsumer, cannot pay our price to-day, therefore go without your dinner, and save up your money until to-morrow, againstwhich tinmewewill hold our meat for you, and tlaen you will be able to pay for a dinner. But it so happened that Monday followel a very warm Sunday and night, and the meat would not tlen bear this put-off. The sellera had reckoned without their host, and Dame Nature, having in this instance to do with. perishables, revealed al the secret of the scarcity and of the war makiDg the high prices. If it had not been for this accidental revelation, the public would have gone on in the most implieit faith in those alleged causes of the starvation prices to which it was becoming habituated. It is well fo.r us, therefore, that these 10 vanloads (enough to dinie about 100,000 of us) wero thrown away as a good antidote to the fallacy of scarcity - and therefore it is also well for us that the article w as perishable, or it would have been held back in safe clutches until such time as we paid the price or more, or absolutely starved, and we should never havo been any wiser as to the c-ause.- I understand that the way those urincipally concerned ia the supply are now coping with all circunstances, and so as to guard against a recurrenco of such waste, is, not by lowering the price; no, no; but by being still more reserved in the supply. How the goeneral mas of sellers can act e one incorporated or combining body might be supposed to ant, in a way which it c3uld not he supposed disconnected individuals would act, may be almost inscrutable; but the fact evidently is that they do so, and no doubt con7 ahetruest principles for the ir own pecuniary pzofit. Tbonly questions are, why are nil their ears left on, and when wall some of them be oreroppod.? - ~~~~~l am, Sir, ac., -W31. COBBETT., -July 3.
, - BANQUBET TO SIt COOLIAFOACAIPBLAB-4~i: GLASGOWV, Tnulssi&A MORNlG. Last night Major-General Sir Colin Campbell' was entertained atapublic dinner in the City-hall by the'inhabitants of Glasgoiv. It was altogdthei one of the most brilliantoccasions which has taken place in the west of Scotland. ln' all there were about 1,000 persons -present, incldig a gayI party of ladies, who vere accommodated in the galleries. The hal was decorated with the fligs of the allied nations, ancient a,nour,,and modern.illustrations, with -several time-honoured banners, oneofE.which had waved at-the, battle of tangside. The Lord Provostfilled the chair, supported right and left by Sir Colin Campbell, Sir lrchibald Alison (the historian), Lieutenant-Cclonel Sterling, the. Rev. Pnncipal Maefarlan, Sir John Maxwell, of Pollok; Sir William Mlaxwell, of Calderwood; Mr. J. Hail MaIwell, C.B. ; Mr. Monteith, of Carstairs; . Sl Mauboisson, the French Consul; fMr. Colqulho'mn; of Kiliermont, be. Mnr. Henry Dunlop, of Cringtiu, officiated as croupier, ghtand left by Sir Dgvid Baird and Lieutenant sso%.th aAides-dle-CamP.ofSir Colin, Sir James Caupbell, and Mr. Bailie Cochrane, of Lamingtou. In the bil were many offic6rsin'uniformiwho -wore the Crhnean decl rations. - On the removal of the cloth, e- The LoARD PBOVOST rose and caUled for a bumper to the Queen, which was heartily responded to. The other usual loyal toasts baving, been given, The LosBD PBovoSA^ then called for a special hbumper to the bealth of -General Sir Coln Tampbell, the youngest burgess. (Cheers.) His. LDrdship said,-In risin.to propose the health of our guest anad townsinan, it wll be unnecessary for,me to repeat thoestory of his deeds of arms, and .the renown he has gained for himself and country, these having been spoken to more fully-in this ball-yesterday than the, gallant officer, I dare say, cares for. It is now more than half a century since, as a schoolboy, Sir Colin trod our streets, end I am sure 'no part of 'the -wide' world, through which he has roamned during 'that long time has undergone a greater change than the city we are now ini. Our manuifactures of every kind have increased and extended, our city and population have quadrupled, our ships, from the improvement of our river, have carried our commerce to every country in the habitable globe. (Cheers.) It has required great maen at home to accomplish these wonderful changes, and we boast'of sach in aUl the peaceful walks of science and industry; but what would all our efforts avail if we had not security? If we had not the shield of British protection held over our various wanderings in ear-ch of markets for the sale and exchange of the products of our industry the pirate and the, lawless would cripple and paralyze our efforts. We are therefore deeply indebted to men such as Sir Colin and their brave followers, who, fear^ less of danger or climate, are ready, at the call -of the nation, to go forth as the world's peace protectors, whereby their brav^ery entd moderatibn teach 'i nations to respect the fag of- Britain, and who, when, by the aggrandizdment of any State,we are forced into the horrors of wiar, are re^ady to sacrifice their lives.-for their- country's good. Our honoured- guest has been a bright example of th'e British soldier. N ow that his time of rest has come, we hope-be may be long spared to .enjoy his well-won laurels. (The toast was drank with the utmost enthusiasm.) * Ater .the toast had been pledg^ed, thbe tune of "The Campbells are comin"' was played upon the pipes in capital style by tiolpem, who pappeared uponthe platformdressed in Highland costame. Sir Corx CnhrBsLL was receivedwith immense aDplause. He said,-After an absence from Scotland of 52yeairS I am now come back once more to receive the highest honour which a large body of my countrymen are able to pay me. This is the most valuable reward, besides what is felt in a man's own conscience, that it is possible to give; and, believe me, if I cannot reply to your kind and enthusiastic reception with the sldll of a practised orator, my thanks come no less true from my heart, because they are clothed in homely language. (Cheers.) I have served in all parts of theworldfor three-fourths of theperiodallotted to aman's life, but my fortune and my name have become principally known to you from the accident of my being appointed to command that glorious HighiandBrigade. (Cheers.). To 'those valiant soldiers I owe the honour and the happiness of seeing you this day and of being your younge$ burgess, forwhich honour, and for allyour kindness, I regtoretuzn my thanks. - liirA. MASON, on rising to propose the toast "Her fajesy's Allies,- the Emperor-of the French, and their lajesties the Sultan and the King of Sardinia," was received-withiloud applause. IIe said that on that and the previous days they had endeavoured to do due honour to the hero-who had done them the favour of appearing among them. They had often been assembled in that room to commemorate tho valour of those noble persons who had, on theirpart, nobly sustained the honour of the Britis,t Butitmustberecollectedthatthey had s'uts might have this struggle; if they?p ut[inswh^oaided ns-aidedus nobly been dMmifymin the hour of danger. (Cheers.) And it was now our part to show by our grateful acknowledgments the deep sense we entertained of the services the French hsd rendered and of the spirit with which they had been carried out. The alliance of which Britain formed a part was an alliance composed of thegreatest and most powerful nations, with one exception, in Europe. It embraced the Ottoman Power, which once overshadowed the nations of Europe, which advanced its power to towns in France and Vienm in Germany, threatening at the same time to swallow up Christendom. It embraced that great Power, France whose military prowess Britain had known and recognized aiL-e as opponents and allies, and which in courage had stoodforthasthe head of the military forces of :urope. The last mneteber of the alliance was the noble State of P.iedmont or Sardinia, whose soldiers had signalzed themselves on the rolls of fame, and who had acquired a distinction in -military famefar beyond +a limitsof-io" -f= n , .- "limits of its material resources. This alliance had waged war against a State which threatened to overshadow all the other nations of Europe-a State whose object for years had been devoted solely to the pursuits of the military art and military discipline. Now, then, continued Sir Archibald, we began war with this great Power, which was as formidable to Europe as' Macedonia to Greece, or Scythia to Rome. And what were the means to be used in resisting this great' Power which overshadow nowr, and overshadow, the States of Central Europe? The means of resisting it are to be found only in the alliance between France andEngland. Let us bethankful that the North has produced a race of warriors, brave, atient, persevering, and energetic, and' that the South nas also produced a dauntless race, who go forth conquering and to conquer-vhose triumphs have been signalized in every quarter of the globe-the two countries united together to meet the appointed forces of that Power which threatened to overcome the liberties of modern Europe, and swallowup the independence of the world in the mapaitude of one great military rower. (Cheers.)' The great Napolon said, 4U years ago, that in haf-a- century Europe would be either Republican or Cossack. Tnat memorable expression, pregnant in meaning -which the world did not perceive at the time, but which we now see, had been gifted almost with a prophetic spirit, as indicatingthe condition in whichwe are -happiy placed. I believe that no one-who has looked across the Atlantiohas not seen the danger of Napoleon's wordsbeing realized, and that within the time specified Europe-would be eitherRepublicanorCossack. The alliancewastheonlysecure bulwark aainst this. These two great nationshave learnt to emulate the talents of each other, and surpass each other in friendly strife in maintaining the cause of freedom through. out the world. Maany ages had elapsed since the powers of France and England were united, when the forces of Richard Cceur de Lion and Philip Augustus beleaguered the walUs of the city of Tolemais, which was in the possesson of the Saraeens. Cordiality reigned betweenthe two nations; but at the end a division prevailed, and frustrated the sacred and holy object of the crusade. Thus a glorious commencement was lost. Butwehave now to look to another connexion between the two oountries-a connexion of an equally noble and valuable character has been made in another direction. In modern times the Powers of England and France have been united, and their forces have been directed to once common object-an object which ended in a triumph over the enemies of civilization and independence. This alliance vill be fraught with prominent consequence to both countries; modem Europe -has been cemented in the most lofty and in the noblest of ways. The foundations of it were raised in the glorious fields of Alma and likermann, and the superstructure has been laid in the inundations of the Rhone. If the foundations were laid in blood, the superstructure was laid in peace. These two nationshad been called to support each other on the field of battle, and they had been recently caUed upon, by what he vould call a merciful dispensation of Providence, to show their feelings of Christian charity. The city of Glasgowhad this day begun that work of charity towards our suffering allies, in which a noble example was set by the French when they came uD to the support of the British, as referred to by Sir Colin Campbell at another meeting that day: It is a great satis- - faction to think that in this alliance, which is of such vast importance to the liberties and- independence of Europe, we had the' assistance of that Sovereign who now sits upon the Imperial throne by the force of that individual talent, perseverance, and energy which still characterize all his acts. He (Sir A. Alison) rejoiced to think thiat throughout this arduous contest that Sovereign had done his best to support the alliance. (Cheers.) The smaU State of Piedindut bad realizedthat character for the virtues which they-had practised for the last 160 years, and we had to rejoice that. while the Turkish soldiers were blamed for decrepitude.and cowardice, they exhibited valour in the field which was never excelled in the days of their Mahomedan or Musaulman greatness. He hoped that this alliance, founded upon the principle of the French Emperor-"The French empire, that is peace,"-will be substantial and lasting. He trusted the time wonld nevei come when the two countries would be severed again, but that they might look back to the wars, of this time, the resources which each nation brought into requisition, when two great nations were made to siiutually resecteac oter,whe thy fugh amutual battle, when theystod sde y sie, nd aidthdfoundations of that highresectwhih, n satins lik asin individusls, was the nly eal oundtionof apermnentalliance and lasting egad. e tuste th aliane 'ouldl never again, he boke. Hetruted hatthe rtsOf diplomnacy wouldi in no way aff'ect it, but that it would be fed by the, good sens of nglad, te chvalr of rane, the: interests Of bot contres,en bymutal egad.He was sure that whattheyhad onethatday n edeavurin toalleviate meetwit a rsposiusech fro- te GoernentOf that * oreign foe, and falso begnuiling, " Shall our tmion ne'er betide, Hand in hand when peace is smiling, " And in battle side by side." [The learned baronet resumed his sea-I anaid loud cheering.) AL IjEABoissox briefly acknowldged the, toas in French. Sir CoLIN CAAnU'BELL then gave "The Lord Prov6st, Magistrates, Town Council, and Prosperity to the -city of G]asow." He said,-Foin my absence in foreign countrie-sI have until now never seen the graindeur of Glasgow. Hear. sayonl tod m o it grwthandmanifcene, ubthe LordProvost, the magistrates, the. Town Council, and all prosperity tote city of Glagr,ith greater sincerity. The tomt. wa aried- viW-applause. - - Tha LOLD PiOVOST'Shid,;-In replying to the t-o"t+, permit me, in name of 'the Oirportentio and inhabitanA of this. ity, tothaukyouforthevery handsonio marmer in whichitlas been received and to asaure you how mduch pleased we aUl are witlthe prcdlsgs of the'last two days. Scot-, I:d has risen. rt= the last half century to'a very important position, and this city, as the, -grat eommercil capital of that coutry, .stands pre-eminently forward, I am proud to say, in every lsudable movemrent, whether in support of the Crown. nthbe supply of men and waihke mumations, or contributions to alleviate the distress produced by necesa war, or for clieering. and stmulating the brave men who have gone forth to fight our battles. For many years backe have heards great dealof the extriordinary waraike pretions ofRussia, and we were .almost driven intothebehef of her invincibility * but the 'events. 6f the. last yearhave brojen4the spell, and-have shown, asl hope it will ever. be, thati; ht aga'nst riht, when, well directed, halibut small hope d- ictiry. Now that th'e' world iz aun atpeace we are ready to 'ertend-the right hand of brotherhood to all nations; but, shotL -aggression again put forth theironagriap of: oppr6esion, I hope this city,. iheretofora will be ever readyto come forwardin the cause of suffering humanity and freedom. - - Di. Gnar N elce ks follows, Because I have the honoir of being rank-ed with this .companyand. of 'taii`g j at ir itsproceedings, let;it not be supposedahiatl am fond of, or a fiendto,war, I'o'ss the'great scourge of the earth, 1 dread it; I hate it, I abhor it- anyWhing -would I consent to rather. than wage it-anything save the disgrace, of my country, or t'he forfeiture of personal' freedom. It arrests human progress, it-dries up luinan sympathies, it entails the utmost miseriei. But dreadwar as.1 thus 'do, I dread slavery far more. eather would I hiaveits transient violence thaL submit to continued oppression; and, fearlulan is its sspect, rather vould Isee the warrior with garment rolled inblood than the tyrant fiad'titigin purple. (Cheers.) A.s poor Turkey, once so sick, his sow recovered, wesnmusj think of those bold practitioners -whose treatment removed the disease, and aUl the more so, thus assured. asg we are that, without them, the paident had died by the, strychnine of an insidious tyranny, and been quicily buried, too, outl of sight by its inscrupulous invader. But for theris the Russian mignpost might have sported another finger, pointing from St. Petersburg westward, with this very pleasing informiation-"The road direct to ILondon li (Lcndcheers.] And is ib because our no6le soldiers and sailors appeared and acted as instruments in crusbhing such insolenee that we are here- met to render what' is Scripturally due-honour to them who deserve it. And thiis praise - we award,, and' tIlis obligation we confess, fismt, in' name of ourselves; but we do it sBo in the name of our rosy, children-in the name of our faithful wives-in the name of our bonnie daughtersin thename of our aged sires-in the name of our beloved Queen-as of our Highland home. ('rolonged cheering.) And, my 'lord and' gentlemen,, if jmy subject leads me to select one stem of the great army as Scottishor one branch of this stem as Highland-or one blossom of this branch in the officer I am soon to specifynot for a moment let it be surmised that it is vith the slightest intention of institutiogany odious comparison, and still less of depreciating those brothers in arms who wore a different uniform. No, no; so far from this, I only take a part for the whole-only tch you the prowess of all from the example of one! lIsTor can it be denied, nor will any true soldier attempt it, that, as in all former contests for law, and right, and liberty, our northern clans bravely bose their- parts in the late most fearful campaigns. 'sever were they behind the first i- facing the foe-never before the LIst to quit thefield. If a, height was to be climbeed they were there-as witness them atthe Alma. If a charge was to. be resisted- they were there, as witness- them at RBalalava. If a main post was te be defended they were there-as witness them wbilo staying back a torrent which, had it once broken, lut, would have deluged the whole camp of the allie. And if a citadel was to be stormed, behold again thCy are there, maz t the bloody 'Redan. Yes; - wherevee dauger lowered darkest, or steadiuesa was demandexi thee faIpped the kit, there swung the Fnnaneg, tnsxt,, nodded -the feathers, there screamed the pipes, andi there flashed the claymoreliketo the eye of a .tiger when about to pounce on- its prey. (Loud cheers.) With such troops as these what wonder 'that Sir Coln conquered? and, with such a leader, what wonder they gained the victory ?-of which be all praiso to the lord. As one of theirmost ardent and assiduous commanders, one of their bravest officers, permit: me to mention Colonel Stirling. In him and his gallant compeers it was the fortune of your townsman and burgess. as it was that of Mlizabeth, to have - most noble staff, ever ready as able to aid him in every daring enterprise. Shame in us were we to omit in our thanks one private among them, up to the highestecomncissioned; and, so that this be averted, great is n3y pleasureInproposing "HIealth and happiness to lientenant-Colonel Stirling and Sir Colin Campbells Staff of the 'Highland Division.," - - - * The toast 'was receired&with enthusiasm. 0-a ...1 c , Vreceivea fvth greit applause. He said,-Miy Lord Provo3t, iadies, and gentlemen, to have my name coupled with the Highland Brigade, and tooe called upon to speak to this toast, . as a very great nonour. I assure yon that I feel it to be so. I have old recollections of GL'isgow, having 6 years ago 'worn a red gewFn when I was :a student at this University, and certainly in those days nothing was more unlikely thana that I should have an opportunityof addres-ing the di-anitaries of this great city. do so now with diffidence, for I am called upon to speak about the staff. NoW, the staff was composed of four or five officers, whose daties were to carry orders to the brigade from Sir Colin Campbell. Whatever gratitude yoiL may be kind enough to allow us on this account, it is a mere reflection from the glory of the General and of his men, This splendid brigade, eaci part in itself yerfect, when given to umn-itwas his experience inwar -itwas his ,nowledge of the soldier, whlich .ade that brigade vwhatit has become. Ea welded the good stuff intoa body, which became irresistible and united as one man, and whetheropposed totheeneniiyorcontendingv;iththeelements, theyweresuretobesucc ssf,j. (Applause.) History will endorse the opinion of hfarahalPelissier, that the HigblandBrigadewsas the 1inest corps of infantry inthe world (applause), and Scotchmen may justly be proud 6f them; and this toast, and the enthusiasm' with which you have drunk it ought to be taken 'as a part of the honors which have fallen thick and- well deserved on my noble friend, Sir Coln CampbelL He was the Eoul of the brigade (ap- lane), ancl his men were congenial to him, and with hnnto lead them they would have done anything. (Cheers.) Here, 'where he has only been heard of, he as been understood and appreciated, and with the army, where the deeds of his ihland Brigade were exhibited, the skdll of the general has been visible enough. (Cheers.) When the w-ar was in full- activity an opportumnty was taklen to put 'him under the command of a junior officer, asid how nobly, how simply, and with what true chivalry he returned to the Crimea, and served under that junior officer (cheers) has been seen by the army and the country. (Rtenewed cheering.) The reason 'why Sir Colin Campbell was placed in-such a position, after long and -brilliant services, I cannot say. It is probably one of those mysteries -which will never receive a satisfactory solution. Bnb I can contradict the report wvhich has been cirulated, that the eason is attributable to Sir Colin not being able to speak French. (Cheers.) I can assert that he speaks French very well indeed, and that he was on terms of the closest intimacywith many of 'the generals of the French and Sardinian armies. In fact there was no corps in the British army that was so higsly esteemed as the Highland Brigade, and nQ geneial so juntly valned by them as Sir Colin Campbell. (Great cheering.) I have stooa beside him in the battle, I have been with him nights and days under heavy falls of sleet and snow. He was ever ready to turn out at any hour, cheerful under duty, and to danger impassive. (Great cheering.) " Alike to him ws tide or time, December's snows or -J'uly's prime." (Great cheering). To his companionlship and his exam le the HIghland sngwde owe most of that they learned in the art of-war, and for the 1Iighland Brigade and his staff, and myself, I beg to return you my, best thanks. (Great ap- The comupany b'roke up shorLy after 10Oo'dlock. -
ROYAL COLLEGE OF So EOS.-TheO annual election of Fello-siinfo tho Colncil of the Collegetookrplace Yesterday afternoon, on which occasion a large naniber of metropoltan and prov 'cial members of the profession attended to record their votes in favonr of the respectiva candidates, and at the conclusion of the ballot the Pxesident, Mr. W. awrencs, declared that Mr. Edward Cock, of Guy's Hospital, and Mr. Samuel Solly, of St. Thomases.Hoepital; were respectively elected in the vacancies occasioned by the decease of Messrs. Pileher and Guthrie, and that Ifessrs. Cesar H. Hawkins and John Bishop were xe-elected. In the evening a largenu;mber of thelello*s dined together at the Ereemasone'lTavern, Mr. John Fint South, late president of the College, in the chair. Among the distinguished menmbers of the profession present were observe-Dr Sandwith of Eiars, the President oF the Eoyal College of Surgeons, Messrs. L. Este, De la Garde, and James, of E;eter; Eey and Garlick, of leeds; Soden andNorman, Bath; Hawkins, Cenlson, Dixon, W. Adams, Thomas Wakley, &c Tn C:oA1WPPEays'-orrscE..Yesterd3ay was published a copy of a memorial from the coalowners, ahip. ovwners, merchants, and shipfactors of Londonl, Durham, and lorulmeberlsind to the Board of Trade with respect to the establishment of an office for the registration, regulation, and hire of coslwbipperm, They propose to aelect from their nmeber a oommittee of seven or more to super intend the office, with a staff of clerks. TnmttA p .1 present mocto or forning the gangs orworldug pzrees, the men are to be invited to vresent themselves mn gang, according as they mr,y find It oonvenient to combine for the purpose,thebasketman, orforeman (appointed by the office), being respongible for the fitnes of the men. The practice at the present office, which the colowners think objectionable, is to form each gang of so bmany from three classes into which they, divide the body of coalwbiwTp,ers, of different degrees of efficiency for the wor. The memorialists also think that the interests of the public and tlho men themselves would be consultedby their being allowed to select their; own associates in lsabour, Wages are in no. case to be paid in pot- houses, but, either on board.the ship or;F the offlce.. The'radehas distin,ctly, undertakento support the propoaed oI cflceandLtof the fundsnecessaryforits establish--
. REponr OF 'no I=uAcy Co sin6 ms7.-The10th report of the Lunacy Commissioners to the lord Chancellor has been published in the formlof a sall blub. boDk. It bears date the 31st of March, 1856. The commissioners complain that i1here in still an absence of proper accommo'dation for the insane paupers in the counties of Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Pembroke; ampletime has been givento tle justices of those counties to pro. vide nroyer accemmodation for their insane poor in sonre e4 y ocaity, and steps ought now to be taken for the pgroose of insuring such accommodation witliout further aelay. Nhumerous boroughs have also failed to provide' accommodation for pau]er lunatics, notwithstanding the facilities afforded by the .LEnatic Asylums Act of 1853, and the importance of compelling the authorities of boroughs to. do their duty in this respect-hardly to be exaggerated-.- is urged on the notice of his Lordshin. Paupers are ofte sent away to licensed houses, and in one case, a native of Ipswich, anxious to see his wife, who. was a patient in I'eclihain madhouse -(near Loiidon), was obliged to travel the.Whole distance to and fro on foot, being. utterly, aestitute of any other means of accomplishing his toilsome jorney. TIq other cases, thu desire of patients to Fee their friends has been often and _ainfu71y brought under the notice of the commissioners. The insuperabl.e objections of the commissioners to th construction and site of' St. Like's Hospital, in the Old. street-road, are repeated, amd copies of their propos rules. for the hospital are now tinder the serious consideration of the Secretary of State. 'The removal of Theinsaneiwards vf Guy's Hospital is alEo strongly urged apon the governors-, thepresent locality, and buiiding being totally unfit for the reception and treatment of insane patents. In Bethlehem. Hospital several improvements have been made, includinga new infirmaries, a billiar: room, and a sanatorium. Thea criniinal wards of the men, however, are still "radically bad," and quite unable to afford eventolerable accomnodation tothe patients. "The subject of the care and custody of this class of the insane," continues the report, " ini peratively demands tho interferenoe of the X*Iislature." The removal of the patients in Tark-louse (a_ lum for idiots), at Higgate, to Earlswold, near Meiate, has not been as yet satisfactorily ezplained to the commissioners without whose sanction tih -+,. . ogtit not to have been rentoved. Adverting to tle pro. vItcal ihcensed houses, thie commissioners mark out tin following as beinlg in a Smost lnsatisfetory,. if mot d-sgraeful, condition-viz., Grove-plaoe Nursling (now closed); the lhfirmary Asylumat lNorwich, Duddeston-hallBenhams Asylutm, near Gateshead; Longwood-house, near Bristol (very bad); Harbury-houae, Rinmdown-house, Box: (so. bad that the conmnemioners seriously contemplate the zonrenewal of the licence); Amroth Castle, Claxton-grlat licence limited in consequence of its defetive state), and Sandield Asvlmn (disgustingly bad. The barbarous mean& of restraint employed in soroe of these "dens of des ' are disgraceful to a cvilized land, while the abomiiabla filth nmd disregard of common decenoy often noticeable ia others call for the instant interposition of authority. Alluding to the workhouses, the necesity of r aldng further and inumediateprovisionforthe cure andtretimentofinsr e panpers isagain seriously insisted on. It is reeonde thzt v.berecountyaylumsrequieenlargeueut d.ttxchedJ ooms ana associated dormitories should be erected ear the lavatories on the women's side, and the workshors an& farm buildings on the men's side. The important sub3~ect or criminal lunatics continues to occpy the serious attentioi. of the commissioner It a lpers from the appendix thatr on the Ist of January, lb1, there-were 9,71 males anik 11,063 female lunatics immured invarious m-d-hougeslizt, 13,828 in asylums, 1,628 inhospitals, 2,91 inmetroitan licensed houses, and 2,601 in provincial licensed huTM STRIE3, AT PE?rli1ogz Dwrm.-Thestrike of the masons employed by the contractrs on the extensive worlks now in progress at the ItoYal DockyArd at Pembrolke has, to a oertaiii ctent, been broken 1.. The contrs^tors, Mess. Smith and Tregeuma, have broti round from Dublin a body of 20O men, in order to suppjatn those l,ho held out; and of ihis body a lage number lasti week went to work. Some oEf the older hands also joinkd, so that-now the'works have been fuly reumed. At preset the workmen are engaged upen the construction of two new buildirg sips atthee df the yarl Themaso have steed out for 4s. 6d. vasy, but to these terms the 2nasers were not iing i- aoede, many of the eknen, beig but indifferent b ands. It is to boehoped that no. pended forithre e O inonWl* th.e be e..r,d ben
SALES BY AUGTION. Ilamsdcn's great TheodoEite, 3 ft. diameter, ditto Surveying Sextant. several very fine Telcco pes on stands, one 4 ft., by Berge, Stereoree,pe with IS Crystal Palace Views, Microseope Box Sextant, DiP piung leedlo Instrument, Plortable Barometer, l3ytsameter, two cutgiass Gas Suspending Lustres, Q'-otave owalnut tree Semi Cottage V'anoforte, Three Models, viz., Old Drury, Ggrric;'s jubileo Temple to Sabasre. at StTratford-upon-Avon, fSebsatopol, anrd ar original 1'eintir.g of Old Joe Grimnaldi. ~t\.si ESSRS. ROBINS are inatyietted to includo the IY.MS above in their miseellaneous eale TSIfS DAT, at 12. -Now oi. v'rwv.-Great Piazza. Coven;t-garden. i odern Furniture. zenuine Double Gun by Westley Richarss, Cases arl Apparatus, Thble Cock, Twvo Gray Parrots and Cages, and other tflcts. B.R ROBERT' RErD vwill SELL at his Rooms, ItJf C: Great a5ogi treect. on Bionday, July 7, ct 12 ferl, P21st S 11 .E. con;prising valnut rorawood, and mahogany loo, centre, cvrd, ocrosienal. tanry. a-nd other tables., couches and eats of chairs in *dalsdar. reasogralysideboafrds extending dining tables, large cbhnmey arid e ire glasses, Brussels and other carPelo, hearth rsal, ferens and tilC in.ns, assologany and lapapped 1our-post and Preceb bedsteads, oh-r.n I cddins, dreaming tablesa nd toilet glasses, basin stands wslth fittin2or, bcd chamber appendage.-, kitchen reOsisitert, oral nuseroasothec its e>ta, eay be viewred the Satarday precedingthe sale, whenueatal.r ues mear be had. j?irst rate Freehold Investment, Doroetsslrs. iESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL have received in. liructio. to submiS for SALE by AUCTION, in one or rdx lots, r Gar..aws.y's, on Thursday, July 10, at 12, unless an acor-tablo offer .A n the meontime made ho private treaty. a tithe-commuted FRFBOLD ESTA.TE, consstingof threovery derirao farnes, a water corn nill, snd cottages and gardens, containing in a ring fence MS3 acres, r2 osds, 3 noles, situate in tre ace-al pafithen of Smnith Pero;t, Citedoirgton, Braodim2.Sor, and fertain'rert together wjith thenrnoror repted maner of PicAett. let to hash y repeitvbedaridnrutonsable etrnss,erodnng ,and DnDalurentdfer t. indeprnden of the pWlatalions api. orerndsas to hand. Ca.pital nrudss. }'as-tisl!ars and plnsa Trrbcpio loaet, atthebooeis, BeHmeinrer, Bridgerlo Crvelrmns7e. Win. terlzorro Ahbbas, flerebeetesr B,E - Whittake.5t E-so, 22,: Liieolss'r-inn - i55 day of -e,lrrex Brnootlt an d Ber.s I0, Piavmbsl tly. Cron ofandsa C LmbridNo,bire.-Aloltment of IlAd at Tover ham, eo.ntami3g 3ra 3r. 1ip.. this properly of Tler hajerty. ft*.^¢ro theD. CLA-YDEN has received5 inastructionf J>;fenhlion. ClsaslesA,C,ere,theCusnlrsiiOsOeiisr charge ,.f live H 1r3;:ijest1Ld evenue, nnd under the anlthorry ol the leots Coo rL¢saloneruof les- ,a1aieaty'sTseaer.ry, to ofternfor alftEby AfI,TICIF.in asiclot, a*,tho f.ionlIotel. in tCambridge, onSo,lsxrdlav. t~-o 1db drZy of-Juy uer, rit 4 far .i precsiresi. a valuable SitElS£OLo a1 ts nest of tAAsLSb LMfD, isetongieg to Hrer Hajrsty, titbe fees, Conlaintsg Is, 3r. 13p, sit,uate in the pnarish of Tevonssini lu itoi county of Cambridge, aldjoining the lFJh road trots Causitridge to B .ttis'c:n,. ribust two satIns from Casnlssislgs and in the o^ccupation o£ 1 31r Thee, Lana. rayemrly tenant. wvhese *.enar-cy wilt expire on the Iffin ot October next, when DOressralon of thutors lnd r; be7 plren to the n-rel-rser. Printed psereeclarssa mybe hod on al'plirthnn att;le Lt-7n P ctL 1 Caml.ridge: the Chetuerra ion, Teresrhssrs: of t:.e ouei.i i nD-es;i ofJ Jesoh Ends-u. Pest * rsOlici.tor. Canubsidge, or ci John t3Itlt)n, ls I prerivst, 9t, Wbitehal-ptsIEee tt'estinnzrter. oo to infor th uLe fultevrosPOETE svrie for SLe, at the part,ie ofI DAY,O ant c2il eonterednin thefoiow 2r Ip, In tboslots.-h NetP&naint a etr fHrs 2.ituaeL-near hmlod. sate,L acnomm fovltio Upands buldnglnd,itarm. oloestn the nearasevferayl-ndtenear r,cthmwhoter contaiin Labotend, cotiigabu 7 cres,inn tw lots. titst insex.periehld.engow Ltiwno ninLand Seeeu, contaitoninrgagen. baim, containing 32a. lr. 81,g in one lot. OldBroad-street. Wirln"gton-s rnc-,Genteelltssideneewith-Stabling.- M R. C. MYRER is instructedato SELL by AUCXTLTIONT, at th:e N!]ast, on Thursday, July 17. at l2Ifer I (the ea pretr avnglftLodul,th el-bil&LBEHOLD DWELL INC-OUSE sitate nd eingNo. i, Wlmigton-square, nosseaaing Mancbester-squaxe, No.. C% harles-treet.-Excellent Investment ocf -convenient andwell-boLt Dwelling-house.heldat apeppercrn. MR. C. FURBER will submait to public COMIPE- TITIONT, at the Ar-te, on Thursday, July17, at 12 for 1, the sound and well-built DWELING-11OUSAl in thorou-b substantial sad ecoativ reair cidfur rm nexpredterma of 11 yearn, at a peppericrn urent- an. hvn recently hundergoel aforoanughePaired maybe estinsterd L tof 6re£0 pearga a Unetrnum . a'bviwdan pRtiua-. wit condtin off sul,bmit tof AUeTsrs. Fildr tohnen an Marter, sol ictrs. 22, Julykestee, a'o12enor-suareveat theforable FAndat thESacIoEN oCE, sinut Wandlbeingrt. 2,GreatCor-nitnn., withua fwicdoors ofErist wiellk-housre. Theld,ut foranK unmpired accommodation, and offers a desimable opotniyether for occpa*-- tionxorinvestment. Afaybovlewed, and particulars. with conditions of tale, obtaned ox the prendases; of Messrs. Chubb, Ilean, and Chubb, EolIcitors, 13, Grear's-tani-sature; at the Mrart; and at the auction offices, u Warwick-oorrt, Grae'sin._ CCerlkenwelL-Smasi Freehold Investment. 0.CFURBER will SELL by AUCTION, at thEe Auction Mart, ocr Thurda,July 17, at 12 for I. by order of the surviving Trustee uinder thne Wvilof the late Robeadt Walrnialey, Faq. ecese, arik-bil FIEEOLDDWLLING-HOUSE Aan SHOP, situat tue and beEy5, oets.s-atr ve,witi. ewdoso Boths isiler, ndinIk vrycetr o teanipSOveNes nov rapid ely por ssn ntat Icco% ality. hehose instlteuts &.eeetal tEnantRtSu pErBanum. Alfs be iewd,and priuas, wegthon diinsounsae,btaiedat the Mexqart; of Al fredEdmnmS,b onz., o- ier 9, St.n Brde'aene Flanfot-stre;n hatps theaucions offiel, tin. Warwck-our, Gawms-,o rang-streoliet, aet-gadot,-erun andtItilcmenoAtie, Silkday, Velvt, SELL, atiu theouhru thcem ekRing-street, Covet-gren,tHgIdeAY Clapam-ark, heA8cinmp.act Le 9 oaseolf misellyaneopius adpROed fY serges taitsandlviss, appael,ui angod effets: a oni MESSES. PLEWES and SWORE andSONZ beyt .Long leannoldunctmaternetqu-Ta raerly SArEm, NoOrSh bWoolveh roant, toeheodolithes, Coae and oteFffcs icmmne Honw,wt M honday JUl adclontinuhe Vithronabotte eekKn-te Cvn-adn M~jESSRS. PLEWVS and WALL wil SELL b byC Il UTION , at the Mart, on Frdidy, July 11, at 12. in two lots it tunicos an accetabe MoffrtshalVnlbE peul maODESb rivaTE;Con. tractg), aOI substapontial brskhpiktownsathelCSinwaAlma-lfe Lyhin-BDrtlod enClapas-bor,eThreeltmoi ekyseansandtwwt e..lloneri band Annual ronrenaln£5 o,hedfor 8 yarsfunexpired ataron Flows, anld Boyd,9 corears, 1at logud Jew-cats, on seadaof Ploasm and Wall, 34, FoOltoy, and Cellletphanrf-rmait L'etong Hoasehold IvS-top,t.C--Te llr.afoy Aria Norh Woletl TION, ebtoth "Marl,tonFdy July Enin, aS1, nsx os,wt the onsnt o th Motgage, lon LESJHLDia ESTATE; con. To rchitegtof a ules stnshopon, andw asthefm-RsemAoms, for on vehichea sGrtiene as besern prconmised, andtw c-oitbamps, onibrd fo Nwholeof theornpert of the reen eareretdIiponandel1t, ane ofro itsre immediate vicinity outotheVoi Docktst pres-rents clmost acmaningt) sTuionmro,Jy1 t1 for thIupsso pntuaealy, be vewted,iv and partiualar CObtaiEdCTIO the Mart atnth Coasaeeb rmsaothd WPoAwENT -MRoado CItMN,CeY-,Faq., 1, Xtable-toaed,rab's- oiltns opeAeAstaltsr Eaq.on soicitwor,ay Chrch-iow, CommonSal-rof a,lme.oe ofd ca esrs Youtangd poandplewat onlicier ollectMark-lane; and of tIe s. n&Wi, outy and Clapharn-coadh,rf rehldoseRS and RShop, le Dandel, o HORatEn oraive t2ent cePUGH andrcton Co. wi SLL byAU CTIO.%on,batlthenle builing, nar lerenwti hurh, atey lThat 4m ear,andIlo con-r shopand rivae dor, tfornenclat occpatin. aynb viewed liom'eers, 6 Blackman-steet,40orough FrAestn.acsie-yAr HA.IG ivl WELTON' at hris SaeRooms, 6, F3idsgaoe-troeet Presteone,= Sto-mrdathoWa.o July4 at I2for, the geninLFIGIBL IE, Frho, :Bncluding ALabin,drn,wiand oter bed-l steds breddn, dartwh, conardse,&.eining ibu s r 5 eladlibrrytabes,fo chares,o couhes chefonieraluablekestes between crpbbets,chna land ornameLntalitgems sRailey pano; aouir-motio berenine,two countedurs bgteclla bard,perambulath r, etatchem ayobange, c,Ond vieW.TuaJ. aflcter2, and moring of saileld; aid caalgesto) had, sr. yrs Toererhitdaents, Buidesrs,eSonrsasos ndo otherusEoeer.dfo cn -No.n9e, d-Gtreea t Wue'stern udeion Roomurs 16 otam p itinson-mw Groerw-ned,l coner, ofitthedupeegardless of exprense,Saletofcapatale 1JR. P.ATCHINLO will SELL byAUAUCTNIonth TMorrmOiw. HI Ju ,Jly 4, a t 12fulpntay, aneTUenSiv and valuable Co ,HudER-tetiECESt, tabletos, enas, oSume, pemc.Cdestals kc, On viewtwo ays reviuse Pandoin-nig o ant fe,adcatalges.tie open appilcasin aboeollct useserve aull mu(pstpobed sold. It) Thirs Dauy.-,ToeBuivSlders, Marble Bok am t nd M sobs,atd LoydersM SR. EVARSHhsreeived anstrtoRns haoe th- ceisesdt Sirercin ofEL by A UCTO n h pe IOe,No. on thearemises,. Lloy's arbe-warfliht o Vaxhal-bidg, T em-bnlrh Thurs- i Tof Siilaneinrbac and gtes old1, dove, Empeor's red,snd bardill, ding bl2c sand weent y. May bnermeediathre days previous, gandat iobate- otreehouPreston -am, on Satur day,th1tho July 7 at 2 fo 3, of h' ligiblePE3rehol :Bi.19Oldfi BLlcod, wieternth e tceln Goo2] brIn eath, cnsaontaiin shout, 12abrlip..a thereon andapte for tureskliakingpuoss, and forsil tin eredtione lof factdorie an cotaerm in1 Pestro. They-stove8 valuabe ncliesrbetween 74shperoanun Mand t iculasead. Plartch;adcnlns of thssaemybbainedi Lonn th ofmies at JaVevr,lnagns andfferhousro, and of the auctioneer, 8 olr. N.9,Odstreet,St Estae, -4uperrilorFitu DrzesadFttig o MSSR.SPACHINGIKir winsSLLbructedN tonthe b Mondy, uly 1, tHI DAY July afeno,t (u2leF preiouFslydi?poEedGof comprising maognymt dowes svih delvtieswUb gv, anStn-seih japualnea SOI. ea bins 22TTE handome esnstemuh fanc how Land taxes hand-p.o sod,m te pfar-ish of, bem,antando 1 scariles, weighin machinopste, inar thea pands pepr mhillsetrck on sprngs eand hansoe drlm)ogtcarwt,hpatn sWaxlers; tockncpsesawandfabldunmp sugar ghloreenan b ghctatess ofel ccutvtoa, oclanthe,cndeus,seaonofpce c.O vighyew tbltis dyndto-12 morronumonn. Cti fatalges fonr thes preisest n of the autdiioneer, 3 ShCabore-strhet, aeidefor-frserupare iu. stoteacnes BrNor., o HuGh-srgee wrest, Ecer-sq,suactor. Wirsllou-apth tIiu Tateey, ssex vtore.si miono ferthe and op Efets. fr,an o, mileso TheN als ae. on Stueosdsonuy8(pspndfa the F-tmCute alet,at. iprecioely EttheFUina 3itUE spomrting fouripat.- imp, nand oather, bedstreasiadbeddnge. wardrobttae, chest 1o0 dawTesoArs,l and bedschamer w Inuttreeclioand tother tbles. MO Nts paoota ine Mrtoneoo ease, pints,i. brnz chratandelier hnat lammlss,adeffcts. Onvewl adayt porior and morningtof roles Cataloguesataddonatheepremises; and atwthe auc tioneers, ofietnmns, 3 aont-street,r B,lgao-fuae,lln and 2le Begand-roadt Ta,his9 lb tt ayTof Bu tiders,nMarleland Stnearb vitosaue ofTahere. withintetore nin ovcluns of theimrtton ofie disbp Sosefd ofth Diremiser) to StinL bay aUcTIO on thepremises, Nh-e pac, ouf, foaoure-. STOC,5 cnsstn0ofthpr blacm,evein. Sian nicilin. nd Fenh temarbei toomng of sle. and caaoge obtained of ies l'tn the prmies; and at,', Highstrke wekt y atteAciontemdat issAslut; n !lea ed Sale S.E IL5FR Pre~h-tERcct, wl EL yA CTO , No. 9, Glocestqr-terrees late Glo-cester-street, C.Unpilce,bill. Reusing- tin, Opposite Camp>den--hosus.-Ca.pitalburmitntie, Pirne;fort, W~ine, MESSRS. 'WELSFORD) and Co. -will SELL 1ly ItAUCT.TC?X. on Tuesday, Jir~y 5, at Ii fer I, the ssuperior aidmnedern FUIC"T17'ytlI o, the albove residence, comprising dawicusz seem suiite in rewo,rod chairs tIbles, coucheis, thetfonier 'sits p'nteclazs back. carpets, curtains, -noble carvedl etu Oilt frame chinscey- lasere; the di.nte room of Spanish malorgAmy chumn covered ii, leather, morning r6oan,; the bed rooms coruprize Arabian and- other bedted.' bimln:, arbe-op assiausen tables, cheval and toietclase, lra:,s. c. rahidltbreze, nd oramental itersa engrvin, acapial crsos f elctrplaedarticles, hash dishes: tea ervie, &. ; the rcoairyfurnituro for *ie l n itwundiy and eortagof ale Caalouerem e pemieo~and of the suetieecr. 4, mt~onceeree,sod15 Ne Csirl,tret.Edgew're- City.-SuPerior Household Fuireiture and other co-stly Mefto, removed from a gcntleman7a reidence undera -euin yodro h Sheriff. Oonxruinbyodrfth ~AR. GEO. LEWIVr begs to niake k-nown tirat he will M1.SELL by AUCTION_1, at 69. Quomr-stest,- Canu'n-otreet,THIS DAY. July 4th, at 1Z2, 10 lots of rn,crlsrnFIUItNaTtmRE neatYly row;' comprising suprrb drewi::g room suites ini rosewood andI ralho,any, covered lit satin- dama-sk commodez 'with pla.te-gIRS3, tWO brilhant t,oned pianoforte, a.not-In chimney cddressing gluso.. ri'ch vervet-pilo B, u"rol andI other c--rpets, hoodirme rugs, lo. card, orcaitonal, and oth'er tables, valualble proof prints, few drst-efr's p'iu:ings, dining roomn, libr-ary, and par-nur furniture, <I every. descripton,_ in, S Iant mahogany, two sets of dlining tables, harn(ssem carritd sifletoar, writing-table, togosher with tlie bed room apilree,1gS in beds-teads and bedding, wardrobes cbests of drawert,'marzbls-srp nash-stands, toilet-, glasses, japanned artilese, pleled goods, lbnn. china~, rise, French and china, orr4muent.'. kitchen requisites. sand c-rier dome.-tlt effects of the residentce. Catalogues en the grenxcim; of Mr. Wisini, 5austir, I- Esse-atest of ic hcsd~a ffier,Boil-_lley ; zxde th ie aujcticeer,' 13, Fer-rtrc--rt. city. Pall-noall.--Service o! Obased AntiQue I-ate of about 1,505 ounces, Dresden and SZvre Chins, Cabinets. los. M ESSERS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- TXTIO~N,a the Calerj 56, Pall-maill, on Taueday-, Jualy 8, at I, a SedwC of chased an qon PLATE of about L.0 ounces., ann pltd ae the propert) of a gentleman ; also Dresdn, md'ree, heles,an Oriental china, in jaXa, groups, and dujedlners, cabinets, libr~ta,tbleg,Weagwood wae, and objectsZf art, OnTIeWtomoro md ondayanEcatalogoeshb6datthsofioes.54,Paul-mll. Adio-odnorth, NotUns-biP.-Fbur Leasehold Houses, at low hn tm eld for 9S yencs MUESSR.S. F(MTERancl SON Are direvtecl to SELL by A'UCTION, at the Mart. on Tuesday Jsuly 15. at =- in two ots, (by orde ote otgagej TWO PAIR cf eidahd -VLII ENCES, be' Ifos 17. 18. 19. and 20, Addison-read oct,Notting-bill, ocuped t~rs respectable teniants, sand hay- into coavenigar t e nclNo.ures noting£4' dt£60pg annum, fandute oth5er anu . T elan2sso silrtath Hel by tw Ies. d es (achn paro hose brein inaepn acaae.oic i a tr ofertil yars franu L wdod180atagud re wo atrfout streamo wlhouster. ab stee yprisino then I-,eis and pardtidacea a at i- the Mrt; ohic iess.wt Allren and Sothnd,soicitors.tu C brise-the ex, Sos-qares four hofr rMess Tter Lo 4,n Wick,sbenbonifj mwas between Boath tUty and Bristol. Eiuto F lo ShMao-R icand AbSon oo-SeL ewithtCe theL1AIon n Meadt cores s y, Jupplydto] ou att2.b dieton ofe ethe Cotofn Cuhancy Thn cuestat e issld-rtt sye" moHayne fur 4400andinterStON felld ik out tgtherm.2ayeiwedandparties l0acres ofth the nds conditionst ofertle meaydw and . pas btoTe lah,ei Fidebnoldonvenisentenldousresoby latuafeniehrShuthe whzaleo dcnagEcsPS rtof aboTE andpe aONnm The ladiretaiedeemethe T exttesamourt to BEL bs. Sdper ONnu. ath thes Mare, aonutesdain uhe gon, atZicn los, a FREtiEHOLD IOE beutful woolded valjeythroeg whiand.towleastrot ri72eafnwthwtreeodouE% 7, Cdon'ent frear-trotu, tSohornemills. eew churm. Theazw ge ehl.-The tateoffers, many i. ndu7 emet-stoe a Gpuren-see trsreel the' tonle-sehrepet Eivaeathan mAnsion andoes6ldelda firk C2ournt, whh1i withind aen deaoh bahanBtiwol hoseandb thewebroes's trisforho urs's. side to Lodlon. WiktIelkon asn onof the hihedalthiet sptotin thel couty andu Statre has beenfo bouthifule ,asdI'o es respcsi,fetlty,and elyanty oa etsationZ8, AlswteWm-banoro we eadnde Abof co-exltensire wiuthr the de2th fromuthetsur abeldfo The yesaters soLdgim subet tof mort1age for the00 agtnd intperety sefectigrthesame.timabent W-bviewed, n bariy aobstaithoned andMs condtions offslces, maynb had,i)rs 14 days bfr h bae,fofete ae of. Rchar Iuay. Esq whetter W, Hunter-street, Bruseap. stdead and Dthe nd. oficitoma FingstBench-wallalk,Tmle,Lndn ofrlason. Copyttead and lS-on,surveyos. aod 15ctioreers 19,t Freehtold Gand Coeaseho, thouespoet of the laeJcard Schatrd Sbuer 1IESSRS. FOSTER. andl SON are directed by the .1kExecetors to SELL by AUCTION, at thea Mao-t. opnTeday Tulyday, aty15, i lots 12 FnREEHOLD COPUSE,L GROBUckNDh -toef Soo pet at £16wper annum Thverfolonwitahe teriatehold :-ofuhola-h ou 2,ob1re de nd . eoeat-styreetc Go ein-gNo.e al let O easest respetively A* pialOop£6. 61 ondH£56,selnnd fr eam ato£1 e rondrrnt hobein cho house Etwo honouse-adhawbroktzturosinec. tand,6etoumblastople, Minm front fte. hihredaormo,hldfrAbu oybaol, ato£10 for behop houses, andhe conmeasef Brketsctreetletat£2 and £t5 a delling-house,. the Cresidence o honf the lae i. oue, o 120, Slane-tet held forIyars at yeas ata ground rent. Alof 25 -s.a For the Brighten Gar operty y.e s apbrtevadwetisemen. May b oiewedh teessrs.patul hastr' olt thes andA porkticularsihad,a14 dat befoe fathe Lole.ofnGWof Ge. Ws..Husolicitsq, soicto, Quen-steet,sCheap. side:atsthe rt and of Mesans Fosteran o, 54 Pall-mall. and hon,-Codyfferen and Leaseholmd Hoses plutand1 Sharyotes int BroghtontsGasd Comany,bothe, proprtyo fofrthee catrricards helne(r, FS IOST-ER and SO-N are directedlbythe raisesin SELL o by AUtIoW SWat the east. E to, on buesA1,CJulyO1, at ts, inalts, on COPV Jl he1t, tIhaU)GON ETo M2 pr.Toa annum f, wiih the revesiot thean termbnle manther leas,bd to I and fisttreet onyO thebuler bt-ituabytieonswneBrighten lret cont leweito theosssesdo i brengi.frsven on opeingt emt at £16- phereannum.oA royoms hoase andheShop.aNs.f26,etheacomes oftSlire,tyet with leteat £25, tys annumcapillt the prcommdiagiso-a hldaf h pastyr caioflBrihto room, landlheld fouoriryeas,ratr£1 ane, goroudrn.As, hrsi teants,eand particuldarsnd atlpe theavoya Yokt oehesgto a Chepsie;andof esrs.o Teetwernanduxon.lSb, dai-moall.dNe -MErSSRS. FOSTER and SON Are directed by the Mrgg toS by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuedy uyte1t,at1,he3a exelen FA9MILY 43,D5,CE, 69 W,iligox-teskibourn e-teraon l uilt e eerytnnsatvery, moleath emotso,i amonndgual mann03er, a=is eldbP~ye 0of.b.ubiderfsratne bytheofwhner7ategrecst.uofxwhichj posesson illbe ive o copleingthepurhae,Te receptionw rom yhv AllCTheNa cthal Mortelegnt Tes"ayt life, yet 1theven room, ladis boudoIrt, librahy and Northerg Room,ay.ne camberan ar. raingemnt areg cnieabendeamxp .havngth aleatra story ofd rooeuped the sevlanlwtsar wiell roidued wor, the tce oleythstorybengdry lofty,at Spacious, anderadmirabl arrantged, withoa eth achdedsitcen,bil The aelgbe stuhrac'o, ethr fortoccaptioruypor letting. allh Altso ladrearyfromerites fa-tal srtable and woachhouse, wth Ot-rgoom andy lieft,Maons, viewedm intil ntheoe, and partnlas maybouth0acrs inath psiroff'e,~Dsuthed soihtrs, CroydoGren-on tepremises; and ot. Jmes's-soter. c4, Maal-mall,vet na h MESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed ty thEL AL otaee oSL by AUCTION,aatthe Mart. nTcdy uy2, onTeat,2 nw Jtly 2. wihat 12,thlasmeor mioste zibly,acDItedL eorltH ditneoerSthe conisteing tof1 Hzwel-built privaelnes.ubeing No,t 27. 29,B 31, firs 1 37.r19, 41,4l.d45,t47, aDU 4, ilWagtl-satureet, lanllco,det ondtastandto erwhr rveble moderae rmiens, amountings tobl m43eypannums andoterrnmeublpotiforna term,c of which m5 yarsvarce ofntexplru aot a rond rhen cof£52.athresae housesihavedbee erecteld buchto atfew thears.vthey are e anddav beenypfully or uinsedebyna respctbl cand intf arrnagemynthe present bscaemoentist very; moderathe,andtaneadvanefo maybes ackcdsfor.t thes propeortyi worthe tirredattentlo of person having t maneyb t investin leaseol hous es,deaseit tohascomact oande desirableiestat Estayte foVyewed,an artionlarabadgro21 raent.fore the sale, ofdMessrs.itortcn5Thomal. and tolltmsatsolicitors, Mincing-lanr; tthMatedoMen.Foster, SO, Fall-mall,. Routbyte, nurear isehtfalon,iFes fordHue n eea lt Buflding clend 1ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are dlirected to SELL ,Lpl y AUCTION. at the Mart, on Tuesday. July 29. atl in ain u lots,vryn sevral PLOTs tof1 valuable F REHOID) BS)ELD, ith Lromfi, ato Sominutee onl the Grea Nregther RaiwnSayio, beaitnd ad.r tioniof Waycosidrabl Inel,hich ho already bumyilpotantmadnocuieds,th houledwihinfavesminthfrtespwlkofthebCiety-hatchOandSeuifitblate Station.eoeraugyatdadvantager ofthosepwomarydesoretbaobstpdt van eligitblee u ,a, eithervforiocuatyfionorletiong,eIhelotaw of lat ndtvryuptiomo prietoect on or twoaneof houserlto otte- rsofimty dimtensos the mat Ipratetnigoe bu ce,wt ex1%tebe, cetat n tho thigh roa from`hes Gree-hlLanestho Souithge Dows.aGThe erildetsc-dB ley foesdnlie ads ti-o &ue ?ilhresnicof l anvitw fhotheiamtfledssteocoeiaten bas beoopelaproerbsil; sheveral, oterie Houses,ami allfreoldrnd ftree of sand-tamr.Te stne, hanchoodak aowllfsupdpliedewth ater freDomswte-wigorks near thewrpety. Fhin peearticuastande plan wbelenoneayetday beor the roiene. anbidinog be hadof Mr.aresdnietheUpisr Park-oadt onbthe estte;ofMraoe.- Chase - hers and Porden, archatects, an Gre tat wer-stoft o Mesr. Marten,Tom. TndHomlas,an Holctos sohitorsau. tth nt;ado Aese Meso . oser. 5 4. Pal all.eI, Mnigln;a h at n Srpamts'f-Girrton, andaprido-hil eSt, Hie arro-rad ussr theBig ~~aUESSRS F6~~Westooums-termctelatrwt. u Ss S. OSTR .dSl SN are redrctedlt b SELL jNsitVinei otnt ELby AUCTION,at hetMrt.on ady Jl 2.alar, lutw lTus,dnsayAngut 19,-buat spacinous lot, ENCEGLof HAndsom foeva ti on,la solEut spct meet eigibl placed asslo enrtdistanc overk wth bridgedi the Harrow-rnoaus Whilean ]subiautsully haspactso the dn cbDre in building theo housest partwenll-mtued planatuand godcts,n are everywere ob erale; lthedcsoTce, arablegs marbl oflteimnaeypiee an te raetalp portin evinc a stp ino advmancelo te aisunwd ruine The Nit cnsevactorie are wielldesige, th and and cmucho.the aelegatcomforts mofwoeupatndatrs thhiigeomi farmple,wsthe recepto roomds artt andgood conawou,and ebd rooms f h numerous. hlh,ad aiudry; thensrvant aoreon well anr ae fulprnvidelfoinsleeingdrooms andi cothges oarageneo the esat. emin enChrc isto andtalu the poi, nts reuste for I hatie inaspsioed totecmfor ofe the i proed hsctylebrofe buld-y tog hae tee cgrefull attertnded to. Mninessr.meet tar wouldsugges apriew oral whoT maily berintanto ad residnce winthotitspfastionable mentf capital. ceudtyofCpamrdtelese directna feo,ndo the Triteno treoaddtm6tbnthensintseofr t9 eabrsatonly £16 gmroude rent. Myr be Ecigtes androntaey-for bufa ing tefo Villas ore Roesidecs mu e the - first class.urcase i frnctfive tnotdemn urntes s , of theauiflegt ToweStation, beings Pjar. ocuiedo by fAnilesof the Aliost fewpcasiiy do tn woul hxm odinarlyulinto varet toth erncy,andidvdniyo situation toleceliaor,wih ou-nerpioof prespet, or Ti anoac foeloIng pritmity. Chandelier and other Fittings, from awest-end clu'h)-bouae. ESSS. OX-ENHAM wfil SELL by A-UCTIOIN, atS their Rooms, 153. Omford-street, near the Pautheos, THI.S DAY, at lifeor 12 most purctaslLy, the first-class3 modern TWjRIITUllE; iosludiag a. very complete walnut-tree draswing room suite, of the moat elegant, character, covered in satin damsapsh, with cearsins for three windoyws en suite. chimney and pier glaszses In oak and gold anti gilt frames, conszoles, tables of every description, a piccolo pianoforinby Allison and Aliisen, several others by eminet makers. dining room andlibrarysuites; the bed chamber furioitureconsistsofArabiam atid other bedsteads and hangines with bedding complete, wvardr-obor with fromark Alstond-motr,an numberousaffct.VMlayble vitwebood GrThur I,aud. with Mesriusce or Fhiambumn end! Catbuldlngs, iIjrR CHLARLES ERO-UGH ,II SELL plrstuantl Ittan Order of tbo High Court of Chanery 2eoAria canie Kenyon T'. Dickinson," with the apprbetionof the Vice-Chancellor Sir ichrd ornBinessey he udg to wvhose Court the said esun is attache, at the Blue Bell Inn, Alston, on Saturday. August 2, asia2 for 1, a LEASEHOLD ESEATE, known asthe Furkh-ituate3 sitAletn-) moor, In the county of Camberlso,d, comprising a ree-tage or farmahouse and outbuildings, and 565 acres or thereabouta of rich meadow andLpasturo land, together with two allotmnents,on Crookbura.moos, containing 1ta. 3r. 5p. or thereabouts, togetherwith an unlimited rigin, of pasture for sheep on Gilderadlale, and a pew in t-he parish clinseoa of Alston ; in the ocupation aftMr. NqixoE Walton, at the yearly sent of £42 ; held for the residue of a term of 1,f00 years from 9th Septemnber, 162. a th ysrlrenofSe,lid, nd ubjcttoaieof £912&s6j,,uayabl evry-t rars Th prmiss my b viwedby.ersi~e ofth 'Biebla interesting modern Pictures, by 1Prafe:.vrj;WadmUllgr, of Vienna; also Italian Statuary ia Groups~ endl Rgares, by. ilguor Monti and others 7-jILPHMLLIPS begs to announce that he is in- T ! ctd t PT-- b ACTO'N,at hisGreaLt eo~wXw Eoudstreet, TIllS DAY, Jaily l, akt I for 2 prelely TH1IPTY very intereitiug and hl,cbly-fulshed LICTIURES, by the d guished I-ainter, ProLesFAr Waldmiller, of Vienna. whome wtistie powems and enmience ad a mnodemn paiter are so admiredfor their trathfutnesa iin-eureso,tatio,ns of doimestic life, laodwswpe scenery. cattle pieces, andy pits-larily Itar be, vnenicotid Distrakiat forl ti5 a Wnrk ola Of subjec and variiety, a Peep Show, and other interiors equally interesting, Also_ a few besautiful marble.groups and ligurea by Signor Mouat: and otthr celebrated Italian sculptors 'May be viewed Wednesday and Thtursday preoeding the sale. Excellent modem Furniture, including a noble cet of dininmg tables old- Derby Dinner Set and other China, and maiocellaneous.Property or a ~R,?HiLIPS Will SELL by AUrCTION at his TM great Boeoms, New Bond-street, on Wednes4ay, J~ 9, at I .cceel by order of thoe xecutoms the excellent moodern URNI- ROVV72 FETS, consisting of drawing and clivusig room asu tes, as noble aet of 93jiannlh mahogany dinner tables 16-ft by 5-ft. Gejm, tuffed back ax indulging chairs in morocom, soas, ro 5ewood prinlt c1binet, two side tables, a kidney-shaped dining table, library and other tables, open bDokcases, a fiue old Derby. china dinner set, Dreden ~s1ad otber useful ehins and gla wamae nmahoesoy Arabian, and bedsteads, and bedding, winged wardrDbes, high chest; of drawers, cheval and other classes, and the usuw reuisites of an establishbnent. May be viewed on Tue.day prceedmngtheosalp, andaa4la logues had at Mir. Phillipeis, Excelleti Funture. Carriage, Objectsof Taste andOarnnnent, Orieistal and Dresden China. Pictures, line old East Ind;a Madedira5 aind Effects of a Lady of.Rank deceased. M lt. P M-LIPSbegs to unnouince that he is in- tmodby the Executors to SEML by AUCTION, at his great Roms, N'ew Bond-street, on Thuraday,Irth hinstant, at 1-Vreciasly. a valuable a'smblagn of nandern FURNITURIE and DECORATIPVE T1'RcpETit: consisurutino riena, Drehsden.'__ an Ohe- prclkn alockas, candelara, eleant, Deohemian Objecs ses, trinects, jdpewe rakto adneRou. tei ofLLPS tase,t0 doannof win thatin soe e-wl SaaELyLbn od AsT IOndi adia, e nsge cturm!,es, a toun-builtn oaturdcarage, also m, tI mmeY the e legeumdrnrseodantaon fo.WNtRoreN aplicableTUEth maetiractureeptio r minesand wmerst ard uptoistereffcs, thed adprted tof a fis-lass onraone oay ber dewed the dayiocedting oth saftle,o satnd camalusk then" faoa r. ePhi llfis,asog awove Th -aitalx h amoerFutse rich mae ul oteson ofvSl, Crin, mediancf T1 g ahes exiW cregan Drms ecorative O bec o ndzfecs, andphied twoa glIAd modLe IP biadtb egs toe lbannmcudsanobe twalnt b woDd boocas SiLL vyAtUCglON, atm pedsgreatdoothrtablfesBod.orhair, Saturday. theo 9h ut ati oo precsealy, the eleaap-igent Dic.udiog ROO nolefURvaItables, manuegtfactur iedbyoemnen westi endg baptoslscrerags, and sadapedb tobafirst-clasre Lindomno country mansion,bern esiyn of sires anofa satn sat,damasr curains, foregh 1 tywindowintwith sofas f oive ingl and otevuscr as cha mberiswanu, roseod,ad ed soveredasith thesam Tud ch AmAteran , foctagon,oa,adsl6lra antiqu ebony cPabneth maosaic aingd habnal,lrecoobn hm superb lss chandel-tiersn fr1an16lg.ndother sacpiaful sfidred modern bilardetable; the liberarlicue ol antwo hbookcase wiitlate-land doohrs pedfestalanoheth carsad tnobesae,of dvaltablgeste, nhigatdetsdb wt lssbc,sr cmophags, f stufed-ac chanitres covered Pnlarontooco and othdWaer esy chairLad IofS ensuie inneruwteans bto.te AppminiAmetos oftiv prncELL and sev IO secondr chamersf,=w comprisigmlowqare, andmptorciwond Thurdor.thI Arbin,ou-po, andI prelcedstead, th bxed-, dUing,Ilarge Spanishmahogany wnged and ingewrrobes,ochests cf dut,wetlcmarble-cutopans, othe wsperstnds odtilety tables, ebeaeI c&eand ote rsingoglasses, aexcllenot Busls, Tbrnayn voel.e Ornae,tand Rna lddcrminated cdreztsv for te cvrah oom;y serice og table lhinen ahna, Edband slass, and other effets. Ma the stitaerweditsudyre cluse theosale aingd cataldusthlen hardrd,forotan nebdat andlow-dingwash,-aode toiettaltes, Gasdstes,uPlat apndgPlusedftare and Effects of thetlafnthrs.eHaioeiOf DIR, PHILLIPS is instructed b toe AdmL nistratos TIoN SEL by AUoTIOr, Neontsh-e Petie, o5. OTaeowsqarthe22 Beotm. athusa thI1hint,a precisely, ( e Lmdo ntemathme byeelleat3 negotition.)a Ter aoplt daingroo suiETs insewtod indwit-s unut. withrchie- u&rrtains andosapier wand chimney gases BrWuslsyli orpts, iga fell octav cotg infor te,er of bW erlliant atonpe,ornamental china, clck,endeigt deora tiv o freefmhogany dieningtables, cairs,ge anad fourexcestai andoter chambets;o the hm erunItuare includes and eddng,-wah ad tile tales an th wsua apedagtes,t usefu plae,conisin ofte ad bndwater, rat. frames ea n offiee, sc,bTtl s etans,s tablte Menditical andfesals,i laen dbn B.ene.taCrnanSThEVfENtS Thel dEsirable Residnce reel hnispplict ionoto MrEPip,7,neg Bn-stretCo en et, Theteffects mary heIee mndedyporeediangad csatalogues har othprmies J.l . P SILLI NS i wintuct t SELL by AT UC-N,at threy endeingitequalle ntofreehold.Theindoteiorran. e andfou exelen C pSEVEchambers: ton anuc theaeetabekast t room Ia D good oeitcofics, prtunting veryCT[.'omfo threwith hais sixeltthe modlema= imrooements,iandswelt.sppled wth ox-u requireensdaJ of asCatlaiy Pogassmsio mbe hadofM.J.and Sthev pur73. newBn-street . oer-adn TaubeFeolPlto Denists nd h Greudies vitPoession. Bj e 3p/F. J. . SELELSwillSELL b AUCTION, at W~andbflelowinegday atoun pRecnsely,not theupSTOCs of Mr.Mae of Musum-tret. boma seured whon 75 leavige bousel osisig. qunitysfinRErL iausl teoueth etl initrumnstructiools and 12uldforshgl manuf tactrng minerTaltet,ablso theEcOLleto GofUpaseD smodafothr moerwe the ceroperty of .Tle Inacobe isiewdigon thbe. day prier andmorningces of sale unu, andrt Dgohdois M cr. d J.CSee Imported and EstabliskednOrchids gres Room. IS. Ring street.;oet-adn on Tuesdway, 5t B,vrazi,inexoldeHtondit-on,buryandng luegmasses.-Batlyordielihit,, and p~rate,Sopbrnltisgrandfloraandpvolaes; alan crollcind supeeh, to.Maybeiewedoth mrninmoftl sle, and cearlyalode STEVENSbegs to announcTe thatthe King-street Covent-gardenm.ded j Eainable F~reehold Pnlodofiundg Ground,Codo n WIteekbapm-B Lcear hldAR StaURREnLLah-oue wll bytr UCTIO , a Dais GarrLT4ata' tlenTMuaeo Vdeday. Julyo t 2y Order 12 of the Meetin Lomth-et areet. Great Ape-srceet GoodFman'-fiLDs, having a fot ;otage f5ectt.hellag depth of abut47 feet; o wibuarelyw adtaptedfo itble dewed.houEartwoimkular adoMers. adawas-ilknswithand Stevens, o.-i toes, 2. Nichteolas-lae, Leomarod-street atd Garbawl's anom tof Mr. Mm-el EauctiCooneer antwo malesrook, cty.N'zQyo tton esn Valuable rsed aondGrlsound Rhents,tamountigt pads wt of 4, peart annumthot1 fe, amblyseerihedoandgrageL otns2tf.2re 12 lotds highl imortn eeodandPvaluablearYEEHlD GRedoUNfd RENTps,wellsecre and offeWix ring ethe Estuate invleset- for trus. 1and othermoney, whereuou the crtainly noe, haisg adfrontagelcf Th0 ee goss Amount a exchanda £4e proadsu, and is raadsecred upon 75 oo hose atdlai m 11ensingtroe the rckbrune Lof 6whbichkr andu R£eehold e anunemlls. Tesaoudrente wintah lotg Garies from va1 to P, lobrts bof touthensmallund. largem capd-talit rdeaneopotuit of jT`E aNTO Patiulr maySO be- haLL,of ethers Wilkinsonan STevedn,soictos,, J-O ihoas-l anE,x Lombard-streetLATO VILL. bureing. autoer.. W opo's.ity. *walgOe at dlarstlada, Several; FreisOf mdluer.n consrucin and Pptedgfor the orederc of sit ]IlR. MURRELL will SELL byencToeIb ONt atd sL arrawin neo Tusay,Jly 10 t 2 teItoin ItE W EdSTradES valn. Hiwohue, o.Sndi,Tp-street, he mensofteeahudd ponswspid; the whl7 f r&n-or ao LittleCwncut fo ermigalage depta of I rprytegon bengoflod deal ext nt the houeareh mstl le Inylearl andt wocilyenats prducngin he hoe £00 erannu, the esntatel worhy he.attntin f cpitlss, hs roert wWhmay be hdewed PaTioas wthe Nbliny, Ga fS eathy M eqolcorChrch -court,d thrs CMeR.t' laHNa; N, Garrwas andLL~,fr aLt the it auctionee,d h ooldstabn and Cacurh-hosre,t Tol-strrow eciSa-um andta Ture- a YABEandO AndA 'STtONRhAMEiNTStrconseu froml tes1 Trustes ad Excutor nudr th Wil ofnth lather S -Ir e Wiil stabe, snd-huse,twolimeius anda foh-ml,wthain% hvdase is, pump siuat on he elaen-rad,amie ad aonehalf oromth station ut Est Coydo, aniwo sulafro theWestroyd Pgation.laui to andrstad nd elaon Th prpesy aouns wthmaIoerthn Household Effects, by order of Trostees-large PlatelasWses, Fou.r capital Pianofortes a Seraphine, Si% noble Bronzes;, nearly 1 feel high, from Berlin, others of Cabinet sire, aud some beautiful Foreigo PHrniture, by direction of the importer. M%ESSRS. BULLOCK wfil SELL, at their gro-at - - lTno-s.s 211, High Hfolboro, To-morrow, aLt n1, gee- moodern FURNITURE, including Arabian bedsteads and bed chamber a'ipen- dactoa dioniong)se 15obyk, nand slckallersdBoarld,dring L nd, thelt omcairs Andho sTas,Ter cs ure and 55Delfgbrus Sels cares,cr laVPan PorniSFcOcks cins platued taleitemis,thagaiene boa erioire,iraorySL ta _pble rnia oo maWTITInOs d 4gts irOn saf. most offumihingreulsite. Mayhdewed.and ctaoguce hand.So Victria Londn) Dcks nea Blakws-Bold and ad the Bzdta el* an Anhor aven. nd 5 Dwllin-hioe g Shops ac, es '~JI - PNSRO I) i favuredwithinsructieonks ton eligtbte FREEHOL BUILDNG LA sD, theBelond AI teNcort chvrn,Nort Wootwech-rohd,condiuust the retihg-bouel IIDS Saods, Th,avdery eet,sirbl pnusperty, whiourbiall freeoldtandt the ladtxire- frent of capitaL, Toe sucton for salo of this propeuty will be held at the Bell and Anchor Tavern aforesaid, on Tuesday. the &th, and Wed- seEday. the 8thi days ofJuly,21I6, at 19 foroIlckclsmttpnalglyeach day. Thef thatda's salewi;llinclade41 plots of thebuilding land,and. the second day the remaining three plots of,land, the tavern, andi houises Thetave,,naand bu)lling land maybe viewed atanytI-ls. mu~c Lower Telotin-bs.-Freelsold Rooms ed Ground Rents. Un ou4*,s, Unimsul_Ien,in in fxont Of the 1-1gb ioad, producing £115 net, annum, with Reve-riou i-a the Paek Rents at the espirato-f a* pDULLEN And SON aLre favoured with inztructloiiit' Ji rm the Ttwees and Ifxecutors at mms mm,j 3tobinn~de o Ssd,t LL, br AUCTION, At theMat 'edy It, in tbre. loW, valuabe IF Rolm~L MShTATflS eampsding boeseeKLaUniouoaamare an " MofaIng& e whl WLCOf Uni0a-roW, WiSMb two boues aud slsipa (in the aOu~o ofmeess. AliaduAn *at-. fronting lbs high road. Law e Lon,! enoleth lndependentCIMapsl, let an )Saa which arzpfinliawto lalla Im at _he __e_ arm ndDd resesred yenta Ordo M t$zi2, an, a8 bU eviwd-r leave of the iSnaIts; liculare A of xeowl.. Tyreil. Paine, anti Layton. aelelr. Cbnlrh-pesn&ge Gulklhafl;'a *,be Mart: and of Poullen and Son, 80, JAVe-troet, Criopilegu±e. Wbitt EfaxWane, Ioteuhsw -V*alSble Freebold Ground Santa wAa, Mull.ding IAnd, with early reversion; salo a Freehold CoDtta teeI-! dence known as the Wlute-c otte, pleasantly a4utuathc~enoore oCC W'hit" SaWane. pULLEN asid SON respectfualy annoirince that tj~y P are41irf~ bythe Trustees and Executors o- Mrs Mary R,itbn, aoo to SELLMbyA1CTiON. at the Masrt, on1 "Teplleead July f2l, aLt11 FREEHTOLD GilCIJUID RENtlI armonting to £XI l3a. per aneum. aiginfroma-salnW'lpae a rrcel of land wilh ItdwelJdgHotjSe alre, wita valuable Plot of FrootboldL.nd adjo ,'g,f.ormi the rarden and grourds cit the Compam.esPutlic-housa; the whoele 1 VVondrenlaamourting to £1713.. persennurn, leassnwhicsezp1m, in 1572 ani ISM0, wlhen the purchauer wil come into poeeajon of thg' reverzkioary increased value ofthse lw0y. Also aL desirble Free. bold detached ResIdece called tho=Whtt OoLTtc clseerrully aatusta a-tbe conmev of Whibte Hart-laass, let to Mr.. tington untilXo wveaober157. attihoerylownrnt ofA~zrnulum. stay beviewes! by leave oit the tenamts. Partcular a Of Mas. TerrelL, PAine a-,d layton, tol wicion Churoh-paeeege, GulIdhali: at the Mart is of Palen and Soe, 110. l1bye-abt, Cripplegate, Freehold Hiousee, Vock-lane, Smithfie3d, pooig£9prasuo PULLEN an I SON are directed yteTute n ExItecutor, of !Mrs. Mary Robinso, dcae,t ELb U. TION. at the Murt, on Tuesa,Jl 2 t22 neiil RE HOLD I -TVMTENT, in tect fL.dn asaigo he dwelling-howes, wit" abp,Io.2.4 n 1 okln,Sildl, in the Occupation of Me, ae,Rx ndSh.lt,odeust,a nect rent., imontoin tg to LIpranu,Myeviwdhlamo h tenant.. Particularshad o ea.Trei an,adLyo.sicitor., Chureb-pa&aage, GusOal n tPle n o,8,Fr. ftreet. UtIrpple"ai. Holloway-piaco, Islugton.-Freehoid G round RsutsI of £1 6 lOo&, shun. dantly secred upDss Two capital Rouses and Sho s. P U'LLEN andI SONW ame direct-ed by the Trartse.r and[t JLExecutors of tEus. Masy Robinson to SEL by AUCTIOX. aii the MArt, ont TuesdaY, July 22. stI2, valuable FREEHOLD GROUND3. REN`Th sonunting -to -36 10. Dur annum, abundantly secumed. oat" capital andsaubteanti dwelir4g-hou_es, builder'syerd,and chop,wuith largesgadenz iz therear, snetehg titsy uate uo. 4and5, Holuoway.. Plane, in front of the- high road at Hollowy, near the gate, in tse orca-. patiost Of MerOSE, Pelling and GOtehbir; let oni twro leases, expiring in: 1501, at grondreatte amounting toX £1 Is.peranunmi.Maybe rTelveg by leave of the tenints. Partmicula had of -Lrra yrrell. P%ie and layton, 9olicitor S, Churcb-paseage Guildbr.ll ; and off Pullen a Bon. 80. Yore-street,-,ripplegate. Serle'epae Tensple-bar.-Ftabl Gon Rns DULLENan SONl are instrnicted bthe Trustoeei JLand Executors cif MoE. Mary Robiunont LLyAUTO at the Mart, on Tueidav Jul th-e 91d, at 12 o'clor,FE OL GROUNDAEEI'TS of 17 and£ Se per samnnu. stepy erdnpa three suhs,antila. dwelling-houseae and rnie,os12ad..Ltl. Shire-lane, Fleet-strest, and Nto. 7, rmelpa., n h wlig house, Ehop. and pretoises 16, Lower el-pa,adonnteDk of York public-bouke; let on Ieaae hc xie nhe a e viewedb.Yleave of tha e onia. atclrshdotLeer,Tr Paine, and Layton, utllictcw Chureb-pesacag, Gulda i tI h and of Pullen and Sos, 80, Fore-street, Crioptae lterhetret rispea-Freeboldlunyeetmoctin thecityotfrnkdor P ULLEN (I SON are directed by them Tutees=er ExecutorsOf Mms Mary Robinson to BELL by AUCTION, as. the Mart, css Tve.day, July 22, at 12, a.ll that PIECE, of FF.XREIIOLIg GItOTUND,with the shop or DLbulig zhereupon erected. situate on thle South aide of Beech-slzeet, Cnpplegate, the corner of Redreoaa-street. ecntaining nextBeech,-street4 4ft, lOn The premises; are thrown into-. and formn per of the sbop of M2 Redcrogss-treer, with thle fro,tagenext Beech-street, and areletonleaeeforatesn.f 53lesfrs oseI.7 ata clear net rent ofXI8815.. per annum. .May be viewed by leave of the tenant. Particulars hiad of 31mesr T'rrrell, paine. and irtyton, soeold. toes Churdh-passage, Gtildhafl; at the Mart; and of Polen and Son. SD. lore-street, OCtplegate, TO Brewers a-nd othsra-V-aluable Freebold rublic-house andi fie Hou3-ladjoninmg, Mtstret, Borough. -DULLEN aud SON are directed by the Trusteeg JL and Executors of Mrm Mary Robinjon, deccared, to SELL b3p AUCTION, at the hart, on Tneaday, July 22. at d. an important FREEHTOLD Th'O2iMEl4T, comrising the Old Justice public. house and *eli-knowna wine and spirit eatablishrment, in Mint-efed Borough, the comner Of Harrow-strfet; also the dweittg-bione a,42 ahop adjoininsg. and fouLr tenements behind, in Old Justice-caurt; the wbole let on leawe to Mir. J0ot- Spurgin for St years from 1S43, ata. cleat net rent Of iOD Per enumu. Mar be viewed by leave of the tenautr, Particulars had of hltega& TyrrelL. Paine. and Layton. Solicitors. Church-PAGaege, GutldhalLU; at the Martt and of loien and Son, 1D, Yor-Street, Cripplegate. Annu,ity, arising front money in the, Fuads.' during an insuxrabe lt of K0 OWABTO is diectedto incladle in big SALEa te Mrt,onWeneyay.Jul30, az 12, sanN&UITUEf Valuable Policy for ;1,C00 in the Sollcitore and General Iffe Asa=, ance SoIety, upon a very imOms life, C.JI CWARTON is directecl by the- Mortgaee n rAfor &6l to EL'L by A'UCTION, at the Mart, ott Wednesday July 30 at 1Z AvOLICY for Zl,000, effected in the Selfcftors and 6ineral iifB S ssumsnoe Scidety on the 20th of -Kovelnber. eLonr emayebel hadeat1 the Ma ort; andGerge lenorna, Me. solirator street andZdward-te.-raoe and Edward-mquaraq. Caedonian-road, IS.- liei ; also vmred Ground Rentz of £128 per annum, M r..WARTON is directed by the Mortgagees tov ,L ELL by AUCITION, at the Marl, on Wednesday, July23, at 12 o'clock, in h3Ilo*Ft1lEEY ROUSU3 (5 with shops), in Wilrasn. atroet, producing net about £300 per annum ; eight houses with Shope In Edward-terraoe, proencing above £100 per annum : 14 private rceidenoeein Edward-sqniare, each of the value of £30 per annum1, adapte,tei forocuptio; adizproed roud rntsof 125 per dunum, shun-. danly ecued;als lesehld ouss ad eops Noth-street, Kingb.- cros, Trode n~bon £10 pr anum.Mayhe iewved, and particular ha a th sart c th Stto Ams ndDuke of RlchmonZ Tavens,Caldonin-red;of eorg flnanrs, arl, slictor, 21,0C1.- Thr~~~dneedle-siseet.lauuonele Go3well-road. I4ESSRS. G. VT. W. MASON and SOiNS (Iae- Of BE,ueklerbury) wte inistructed bsy the Mortgaccecs to SELL bsw AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mionday, July 14, .1t12. a nest and sub-. stantialy-built EASEHOLDRESIlIE CE lgiblyV situate, In teDa. conculutadhse.tl,yloclit ofXinb-eusr, Gs-vIl-oa; le. em. leas, aarenalo £4 perannm, nd hld rothe Governors of LeaftboldMavestmensts for small Captilits.L IV ESSRS. G-. W. W. MASON end SONS (lte oLr B.lersbury) are instructed. bytheProprietorstaSEL3LI&AMCm.- TION, at the Mart, on Monday. July, I4, at 12, In3 lots. the ffllowing eliiLNe LEASE SOLD.-PROPERT : arnctlyarrangedCottage Retidence,vwith gren and pacsoufrontage to tbe Brixton-road,beingN.Vc S.Spearer-plae ear Kemntngten Church; a zubstantial and well-f-Iedt. Dwel g-ouse. with corden, being lIb. 13, Anoilo-bnUldisge East.-- street, Walworth; and a convenient six-reamed Rlesidence, in the desirable lreolty 13 of trunWi-oret, olsc S amfod-stretor, inckfthe. road.the aoepoet s alt x aMdlest ath whoderexoaterated fomdn respe-tax. eat,pouig etlof£9ls e nui n n hoLd for-vaIoS ters aUtel d grun rhens May besvi-ewe asT~ days Adrevios tothex sfale land partiJ.ularstteroind tof hiEUyA. Bai PIOoN, and GarWood, sol.Wlors,d79, JBlackfrat 1s-rond lof M eVns3fou andT ofhal soliitos, 17. LANDc orsfinn-flieng, amd the resrtduan coaf tesss. usonantonsehgtdl. KmrkingWiia-treetoLon.dons-bohridge.y stlatiolen FreeholdLardnd, a Worth Wool,rirh. cud Old ord ina lha rountiesof(Efeex bandep iddl ese;the whoolerexonrtedf frer Land-athesr. fl(Veoad,i'noaFuateoA Mit be vewLed unish directed py thelis eith slat-ns aaontito:obaindn'isiTraiix Rofgh aeMr. Es. soictter,r 70o SELL by AUGe.- WTiON, at Gasvway's, oo.Waneday uy at th2of2,o ine utioner, SE5E PLOTSaofeFReehOLD L'aND,iportiondfsinba. end the residue con Sugrurt t eygs toetrbole exarering fnromandon -lsto h alu tatio and S i Pailongrdens othd Wl irhessach lot haincl hA dm1sage i of 1fetbadpthe oat 8 feeJ.AlM Fourm ltsof FreehL b LAnd,`1at ate cornerwoyt, Cernon and Eloon Wrdzady,Juesr2 the2 Rosin road, OldO FLOrdS the YREOJ,enti e elgbefo smeitate bol Cambpride-e Teehe Othewe unti thu sEal,adprulayoro s,Rt wthe lNsw Cdeonte-.- Wolih ath foarmrawayh a fotg 0';e and atteOfesoth depthionr W,3 fiioret: cty.lte&fotg f2 et it et D 4 etotee alouable Freeh29Poldano,atingstondIandE tareuteha.ingherounty oT Surrey. t hieme ahout ebxoeraedml from Alnd-rhtel n ta Fa ELmLtaiSVte of tirectedb thve a rHte rof atLbradeth ofa 250feet,tnol wietrix ofelseo late t3. l. meottereon. tosELL 1s PAUCTndIon,iis atbtrawaned CofTht.mon Woedrs,day,Juoly3it0, t iN grov =htre, ahtthri the Frnktyrs-road,tol,osite the New Cemetery.sI ltnsonteLFrho sel tGarawihaf fron atag ohe ofi;;feet. l a udadetofe1r feet thule, citteafotgy f2. fe,wt et f Ofe rtee aot.As29Plomseod. Reenhold ebold, Ftarenitare hih eedfr Feu resnto t1. near Fere kboutmtrye.e Pnilme rom Bal htz andthe 2nd Efeet, ten of 13 w rith eptlas ofh419 feet, anbie horel annoee sunred orcthereabouts. Can Bihe te wdnilthoutr. adprtclrs il and co indtess obtintede Bofkhi oers, EcR Pher.olctr,7, M SSRS. DEW anid KEYSELL -A-l1 SELL, by'e AssTignmn, on the Premises. &%opstr-e uet, SPln.onosTuesdi. em be-le29andtbwddfo, ionwithes,b 'alani bstheri end usefu tefcs 0 thlges eton be hLad TatheGend 3TMIAT, Plumirean nd of thesuo-. te-nhertl 12 Biohoup.Aute itout.im12 hbloaemhot po C Fetoreot-higly npear latieeh cmurye.Rthalme,ha-benvrupt.uti Amif1n b Rordero etabihed 17iign-eor the supeior mofedern FRNITURa endo E8ETS fll psearti-rFurno iture lleclot:sshortly ennoes d.-.- Mriscellaneouics Efcsi e vrlen, 12m 3sisoors.twttuut _ft,ly ~ gs ,9. and~ two folowntria bye oTrdr oft the A.iguae.s h hl ti,tESSRS. JONES nd2ld O HAJI beg to quakint kV. the nobility, gentry, executors, trades, sad pblic in entuaml, theirAuction RwoomIs, L1 and 13, Le1oeetcr- trvet, Ieocters.qu are tbe masW eligible in ion for the SALE of nikds of Ho1nsii: HOLD EF'ECTS, dtocksi3 trAde. ad artikles O-TEtU. CaShadvaned to any smornt upons e e d cosverr cla of pr - to sale, sod sIX las'ar s paid the following lorning. N.i. In ventcries andvatnatic le odefher exeutSors and o7thes, and aler elfected i private reek&eseeL. :0, St. Paul's churchyard--An important Colletion of high-clatm ancient :ad mnodernm Pietare&a ul". BARNS will SELL by AUCTIONT, w above, JIr TlIS DAY IridaY). July the 4th, and To-morrow, ar aw,emblsge ef tine PAINTItGS, about 400 of the various scbools; inceluding en undoubted worl: by De roniush, ; a ehsranfmctm0en, Rub.bs; tro Landscapes, Cnyp; two fIne produi.ns, Verberk. hIven: and otsersmby Ostado Remllrandt Stant cId. ftinsberough Tenier 0. Dolei Fri.l Velaslue, - 31:eris Vandykle CoopeT Metr On Tiew. Catalogues as abDve N.E. Mosey ndvanrcd on ery de. mription of pnrojpertyftr positve3 and impiedli:to oslo. To Connoisseurs, Picture Deaers, and otiers.-Without Rezcrme,-74, Quadrant, Regent-strt. r GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, as above, 3PTtTHIS DAXY (Fridr), Jly4 , at L a enall COLECTON of veleable avn,c,ent PrOC,U EE, rPn,ea Irin t;ld or_o*aorf. .land: incI-ding works of tme ItIiron muM, DutDli, tnd Peneish sho Thich,andleisha' d inlsrpticulamsV be n3{intio> a;rn d Chiiild, C. Dold; uItartorg I-hri Oresb4P. reefa; Fl.h3 ItoE,rnet4AIb3no, St. Cathierine uma E t. Agatha, a psiri C&rlo EIasatti; I.ari?lsrrp. an COttlee Coy; andl trampvles feqosuzalet by Garofalo Oorregio - D) Teniers ?Joinari - - Parr'n~o, WousereernaP TerhDr2 T;erfhn I Hisorest Moroto Petri JanMStesss,kc. O 'n rite. Ostattlog~ ts Glelles. 1, Quednmt,lgent-aBeg t.
