t- i. -- - DEATHS. Ott th nt t the GroTe, Watford, the Hon. 1m. G. Villets in the 81t year of her age. On the 23c nlt,. at Cairo, aged 36. Colonel William 3faMne, A.D to the Queen, Brigadier commandinc the Hyderabad jontingent, third surivingso. of thc Rev. Rtobt.3layne, forererlyrectorofLimp-. geld, Surrey. On the 29th lt, at Copenhagen, aged 29, Louisa Peneope, wife of Alexander Brma. mq.. of that dcty, and daughter of Commander J. t It. -Webb, 1t.N., most deeylyr lamented, omne On the30th ult, at Madeai the Rer. Thomas Freemen. aged 48. On the-Ist lst., suddenly. at ldare, when on his jourey hoe to Dublin. John Bi xnh m Mllr Req.. one Of Her Ma3jesty's Cmunsel,: in the 76th yer of his age, On the 4th inet, at Cardiff, mchrespected and deeply lamented, M4r. Jobn Woods, aged 42. On the 7th Inst Ann wife of Henry Worinald, Th of South. lde. wakedeld,'secoa daughter of the late Gervs ;Wa,-d rsq., urdseid Ho2use, Macclesfield. on theeth inst.,Rnth}Hintonthewife of John Ednonds, Esq., of the Abbey. Bradford, Wilts, Aged 74- On the 8th inst., at Overton, Flintthire, Henry Parker, Esq., M.D., aged 68. On the 9th iast, at St. Ielieres, JerseJ Ms. T. W. Fredericks, On the 9th in-t, at Duiwich, Prnislla, the wife of Wm. D. Anderson, Esq.,agedi4, On the 10th Int, at the che Warwickhire Andrew ore Esq., Retired Commranderitoyal Nary, aged 75. ,Ade ore On the 1th inst. Mary Hernchman, the wife of William Hello, Eeq., of Little Arawell, Hests. On the 11th inst, at Richmond Villa, Battersea, Rikhard Joseph Marti, late of Pal2gcave-place, Strand, aged 72 On the 11th Inst., at Graoedieu Manor, Leloestershe, after three weeks' illnes, in consequence of a fall on the im, Berna Lisle, third sUrviving eon cf Ambrose Lisle PhiiliPs,Erq., age 9 years and 5 montha. On the 33th inst.. at his residence, 36 L snd treet agedl 60 William Hawksley, eq., formerly of the Lth La On Satnrday, the L2th inst, aged 9, Mr. William Straker, theological bookseller, late of 3, Adelaide-street, Strand, leaving a lwiow and six chiklreu. On L2th inst. iathe2fdyear of hisa Alfred, youngest son of David Ecott, Eq., of Vorrinore-road, Walworth. On the L0th lnst. mt Woresterpark. Su_e. in the 90th year of ber ace, Eli4abeth, widor of the late Mark Curne, Req. On Saturila, the 12th instl, at 33, Glocesterstreet, Brave-road, Varah widow oa the late John BidwvrlL Ee, of the Foreigu office, in the 6Ctbsyear of her age. On the 12th insL, at 39. UpDer Brunswlek-.pace, Brighton, in the 59th year of her age, Mary Eaton, relict cf Thomas Faton, of Middle Te mle, London, and daughter of the late Richrd hilip, ot Wandswor, On Saturdar. the Lth inst.. at Betchworth House, Surrey. the Right Hon. Henry Goulb=m, M.P. for the University of Cbridge, in his 12d year.g,ihs On the 12th inst., at 33oadhohm, Dnfdwiehire, Mr Johnstone, aged 32 On the 12th inst, at his residence, 3 Richmond-crescent, Baenburypark, London, the Pev. John BrAncn, Baptiet minister, of Churcl.s street,Blackfriars, aged 4'. On the 13th inst., at 1, Orsett-terrace, Ellen, widow of the late Mr. Wn, Thorn, formerly of John-street, Oxforqstteeet On the 11thl inst, at the Rersonage, Dent, Yorkshire. aged 73. MSrgaret, widow o~ the P1ev, John Maon of Tuncford, 2{otts, and eldeot daughterof the lateP.ev. Ilirhard Bodgierk, of Dent, On the 13th inst.. at 2,Great RaeI-sreet, LeBloomsbury, in the 9tid ~of er ~c~Mrs Pickan, wdowof he ate Joseph Pinclard, On be 13th ins., at the hous of herbedther, at Ninfeld, Sun2ex, 3E.iah Bullock, late of Shardlow, Derbyshire, in her 57th yTr. On the 14th init, in Areaia-roAd, St John'-wood, Elirs.heth, widow of BenH y Fox, Rin., late of HarleOton, Norfolk, and mother of Mrs. )Aiard.Futoye, in the 77thyearof herage.
)TORXy-MApTa,t?WITi?!LLTaENCE. *MXonday Evening. The announcement that Dusia is prepared to adhlit some of the Aus*nrpopitions, including the neutralization of the Mwk Sea, and that Couant Esterhazy has instructions to withdraw from St. Petersburg unles the oonitions with regard to-the I)nanubian boundary and Bomarsund are likewise accepted by the 18th ins;, produced a favourable Effect upon the funds to-day, although the market w,as iniluenced at the opening by the further heavy decline reported on Saturday evening from the Paris Bourse. Consols for money, which left of on Saturday at 85 to J. were frst quoted 85,& to ;but runder the influence of some steady purchases on the part of the public, as well as of those operators who have lately shown faith in the peace negotiations, an advance took place to 86i to J. From this, in consequence of the MRessage of the American President, there was a temporary reaction to E6 to i; but the ncconnts from the Paris Bourse were understood to be satisfactory, and the last bargains were at 86i to J for money and E6g to A, for the 7th of February. Money was in good suipply in the Stock-Exchange for short loans at 5 per cent., and in the discount-market also there was less pressure, although preparation had to be made for heavy interest payments to-morrow on railroad debentures, &c. Bank Stock left off at 206 to 20YT; R1cduced, 86Q to i; New Three per Cents., 8&Q to 7 ; Long Annuities, 3 ; Annuities, 1885, 1G;,; India Stock, 218 to 220; Exchequer-bonds, 97 to J; and India Bonds and Exchequer-bills, 7s. to 3s. discount. Foreign securities were steady, but the operations continue unimportant. Late m the day there was a recovery m pnces, owing to increased purchases. Turlkish Six per Cents. were negotiated for money at 80, 80q, and f. In the Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip busmess took place at 4j, J, and -, and. the final quotation was 4; to A discount. the other tr;nsactions compriseL-Bra«ian, 98k; Yive per Cents. (Rothschild's), 99 ; the Five per Cents., new, 974; Ecuador, 50; the New Consolidated, 13- and 14 ; Mexican, for account, 19k ; PeruvianFour-and-a-Half per Cents., 74; Portuguese Four per Cents., 46i; Russian Four-and-aHalf per Cents., 86; Spanish Three per Cents., 389 mnd :; the New Deferred, 21X; Passive, 6 ; and Dut-I Two-and-a-Thdf ver Cents., 63. In the corn-market thIs morning there was a recovery of 2s. The final quotations of the French Tnree per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were f2f. 56c. for money and 62f. 70c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of nearly one per cent., chiefly in consequence of money purchases. The letters from the continent continue to describe great firmness in the rates of exchange at all points. The commercial advices by the overland mail toeay are not unfavourable. The intelligence of the Bank of England having advanced their rates to 6 or 7 per cent. had, of course, produced a considerable effect; but at Calcutta the market for manufactured goods was fairly maintained, the profits of the native population, from the activity of the export trade, being steadily on the increase. Instead of the rpressnre in the money-market showing any sig ns of relaxation, a further augmentation in the existing rates was expected, the demand for produce causing an absorption of specie in the interior similar to that now observable in the western States of America. Among other calls of this nature a remittance of 100,0001. in silver was just about to bemadeto Burmah for purchases of rice. There is no mail from China by this arrival, but dates four days later-namely, to the 19th of NSovember-from HIongkong hal been received. The general rate of exchange remained without alteration at 4s. lOd.,butonCalcuta it had declined from 222 to 219. Politically there was nothing fresh. 16 chops of congou had been settled-three old and 13 new. There were no later dates from Shanghai or Foochow. The accounts of the manufacturing trade throughout the kingdom during the past week are generally satisfactory, although the high rates of discount and the poEsibility of a further advance cause vigilance and caution to be exercised in every quarter. At 3Manchester there, has been a fair extent of business at prices which, looking at the flatiess of the Liverpool cotton-market, may be considered firm. The Birmingham report describes .an influx of additional orders for iron, consequent npon the definitive adjustment of the rates for the mext quarter. In the general trades of the place there has been no particular alteration. The demand for agricultural implements continues active. At Nottingham the home spring trade in hosiery has opened well, and with regard to the lace trade, although there is as yet no animation, confidence prevails from the lowness of stocks. In the woollen diistricts there has been a good general demand, and in the Irish linen-markets, owig to the continuance of a sound and cautions business throughout 1854, .and the consequent fact of the existing, stocks being under an average, reatis observable. A return of the sherry wines exported during the past year shows the quantity to have been 26,620 butts from Xeres and 17,015 from Port St. Mary's. The largest shippers from Xeres were P. Domecq, 3,374 butts; Gonzales Duboso and Co., 2,811; :P. Garvey, 2,535; Pemartin and Co., 2,437; Mica and Bertemati, 2,015; S. de la Sierra, 1,917; P. Beigbeder and Co., 1,613; F. G. Cosens, 1,563; and Paul and Dastis, 1,148. From Port St. Mary's the largest were Duff, Gordon, and Co., 2,618 butts ; J. G. Burdon, 2,233; MI.M. de MIora, 1,575; - Widow Harmony and Co., 1,381; Mousley and Co., 1,295; and I. andF. Tosar, 1,274. All other shippers were under 1,000 butts each. Statements continue to be published regarding various means of imitating bank-notes by anastatic and other processes. Among London bankers, however, very little anxiety appears to be felt on the point. It is stated that the c;Langa made about a year ago by the Bank of England in the style of their notes was the consequence of along and careful investigation into the subject, ard that theresult has been perfectly satisfactory, the power of detecting forgery being-muchgreater than before. In confrmation of the course* pursued by the Bank the Governinent have adopted a similar principle for n11 receipt-stampsas w,ell as for most denominations of postage-stamps, the old method being retained only -where existing contracspentfraimay alteration. cts prevent for a time any The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised five vessels-two to Port Phillip, one to Sydney, one to Adelaide, andone to New Zealandwvith an aggregate capacity of 2,745 tons. The rates of freight exhibit a tendency to firmness. The directors of the City Bank have called a mneeting for the 29th inst. to propose an increase of capitaL A statement of the case of the Pied-nez, fariished lby the receiver of droits at Liverpool, differs entirely from that inserted on Friday from the LiverTool advices. It is averred that the receiver had no eption but to adopt the course he did, and that, sO farfrom exercising any undue interference, he acted as mediator, and permitted the master of the Pied-nez to take possession of the anchor, not for s moment supposing bit that the master could subequentIy identify it frown the makerfs name and irumber, the Pied-nez being a net ship in 1855, classed A]. The receiver lix. since, it is asserted, seen reason to believe that a deeeption has been pri ed either on Minr or on the surveyors and aoornittee of Lloyd's Registry of Shipping, and it is this quesion which has now to be cleared up to -the satidaction, not only of the Bord of Trade, but of the commnittee of Lloyd's Registry and the 1underwriters of Lloyd's and LiverpooL At the Cor of Bnkrutc to-day there vwas a fnr nrer inquiry into the ffirs o f Mr c- Boy d ,who was connected with the Royal Bank of Auitalia, and an adjoumrament was uliantely or#desed. ' Te annexed memorandum is from thhe En lbish and Anustrara Copper Com pany " The irectorshave reeived dviceafrom their manager at Adeldide to the 14th of October. Three furnaCes are =Ow at workr, and three nore wlrl soon be ig hted as well ag the reffiner. A second shipment of coL -had ived Clrat aha sensibly increased 225 ton, . of ore rere d e 9Tatchedfrom the woses in th firstxdaYs iunOctober. rrangements had oeen Litered into to make monthly ship- ments of ore a-i4 Mlbourne. tobe in force for seven months ncnclonIon, the m naueuwries taite the he~n difflno itcy in car ;nout all he ici ;t.. id, and that Is i will now be abl ,to, m e larg e qusitj s Df copper is now beyonda And the following is fromr, e ; Jt. lui Del Dey C mCompany :- I "ThO dircto or have received addvic by the Brazil ketshowingtheProduce of goldfor tli-jontfi- ofoc- I -tober fom the mires - at MtorTj ytlrrg 1.9 ! b be,896 39
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Monday Evening. The railway-market was generally firmer, and quotations in some cases advanced from 5s. to 10Y. per share. Austain land and banking shares were supported with steadiness, but transactions were generally limited. Canada Land were nego~tiated-at 123,A122, 12 and.22 and fiafly :left off 120 to 125. Mtining securities experienced eome fluctuation, bult a recovery took place before the .close. X -- - OunTbPAEY STrAnVR A?'MT a'n.e:
RAILWAY INTELLIGENO. MMAIND GREAT WRSERlN. A special meeting of this company was held on Thursday, at Dblin, to consider a bill for authorizg an extension line to Strokestown, the abandonment of a portion of the authorized line to Longford, andpower to subscmibe toward; aproposed line of railway from Strokestown to Castlebar; MlrEdniS in the chair. The CHALt&s# explained that on a former occasion, about twelve months ago, they had expressed an opinion that the moment the gentlemen of the west who were interested in the extension of the railway system should concur in the adoption of some principle applicable to their district the Midland Company should aid and assist them. It was because the directors had the assurance of a large and influential body of gentlemen who were prepared, to a certain extent, to Put their hands in their poc~kets to carry out the proposed railway into the west of ireLand, that the board ask-ed their permission to make 15 miles; of railwfay,from Ionford to Strokestoan, through a country which woould ho whollyunremunerativeinitself Fronm that pint the new company was propreto carry out a comprehensive extensionof the6railwaysIwt u towanrd the west of Ireland; so that if the Miidland Cornp any would construct 15 miles of railv;nyat its ownexpense thenewcompany would construct 5imiles in addition thereto. Itwasin consideration of that extension of 54 miles that the directors proposed to make a line wrhich wrould be otherwvise nuproductive; but, asthe proposed extension of 69 milesvwould, in all probability, bring a lai6e traffic on the mainline, they felt it their duty to recomnunend the making of 15 miles of it, notwithstanding the adverse state of the money-market. Theyproposed to raise 140,000. for the purpose of constructing the 15 miles of new line, and 20,000!. as a contribution towards the proposed Western extension line. The total amount would ho 10,OO. The company had money in hand, and therefore it was not necessaTy to take immediate steps to raise the requisite sum. Theywould not commence theworks until the money-market was much easier than at present. The question would again come before them at the Wharneliffe meetin6 He concluded by rmoving a resolution approving the bifi. A long diseussion ensued, in the course of which the proposed extensions were strongly objected to, but at length a resolution was passed in favour of tlhe bilL Mr. MAsLLY gave notice of a motion, to be submitted at the ensuing half-yearly meeting, to the effect that the counties of Galway and loscommon be relieved from anyfurther contribution towards the payment of interest on the Government loan of 470,000!., and that a clause to that effect be introduced in the bill now pending. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. TRAFFIC RETURNS. IMms Pas- er- Tota Tota. RaiWay! open. sengera. chandis. 1M. 1m. Week ending JnL 7.? Northern of France .. .. - .. - .. - .. 3f,22S ..26.958 Week ending Jan. 12. London Bon, & South Coast - -ih 183oP 7,22 - Z412 . - 9,640 . 9.983 uth-East - .. - - - -. 1 - 17,782 .-,19c.
TRADE REPOBT. TALOw.-The irkcet quiet at68s.tondZon.th. en pt and to the end of March; 63s. 6d. to 61s. April to June;and 62s. for the last three mnonths, Annexed are the statis., tics of stocks and prices- sia .. .. .. .. .. .. ~3,319 With regard to the general state of the trade 3essrs Colchester and Woolner remark: -" Iotwithstanding th: very limited demand we have had for tallow for consumption dunng the week, prices have been well sustained, considerable purchases on speculation having been made, and. as importers have now sold all they expect to receive this season, an advance of Is. to as. 6d. per cwt. has been established. The uncertainty at present overhanging the futara course of politics tends to keep up prices, as it prevents th 3 merchants from engagingin any large operation on the other side until they see more clearly the course of events. Oa. quotations will show a very wide difference in price betwee-i Lrst.sort Y.C. tallow and other descriptions, caused by th3 speculative demand for that article; so that the consumption 3ienly runs on other qualities. Our closing quotation; Are- Osor Y.C. on the spot and for delivery by the eni cf Marh, G0. 6d. fGr April 63s. d. for May and June, 62s. to 62s. 6' for the last tiree months ef the year, i for wich period therw are very few selers. Old Y.C. may be had on-the spot at 6S'. 9d. to 67s.; Siberia, at STs.; soap talloW, 659. 6d.; Russzt ,tallow, not Y.C., 66a. 6d. to 67s. 9d.; Australian beef, 65s.6&.; sheep, 68s.; SouthAmerican, 68a. Gd. Town tallow, Ks. n3t c4sb. Cccoant oil, 4(is, lQd. to Q47e.
TERE CORN TRADE. MARK-LA1NE. MoN,nA Avn,i?onna. JA-. 14. Withthe exception of a large arrival of foreign oats, our market has been moaerately supplied, while the votal exports have been trifling. -r Thewhole supplyof -wheat- was only `7;8l0, about 2,000 -being frm the Danish sles. -The --a-tity-fron Essexand Kent this morning was moderate, but the quaity was improved; and dry samples found a more ready placemnitb ab an advance of 2s. per quarter; but the market scarcely. c'osed so brisly as it began. But little was doing in foreign, wbich was held at fUll prices. - There were no arivals of foreign flour; but 15,559 sacks were reported from the country. NTorfotks found a ready sale, at 2s. per sack improvement, andrsome sellers declined these rates. American sold at is. more money. The barley supply was 11,071 quarters, including a small parel from Denmark. The tone of the trade was better, at fully Is. advance; the sale, however, was not very free. Malt found no enhancement of value, and was difficult to quit. A very large supply of foreign oats arrived-viz., 37,928 quarters There were also 7,520 quarters more, nearly all English; total, 45,448 quarters. This arrival checked the previous upward tendency of prices; but there was a contumptive demand for all good corn at the previous rates. Beans, in all, ere 1,381. quarters; about h.lf foreign; the quantity of peas 665 quarters foreign, and 1,038 English Both beans and peas sold slowly at Is. improvement. Fromthe East Indies there were 9,332 quarters of linseed. This arrival being anticipated, the trade continued firm, and cakes maintained their prices. The cloverseed trade evinces a beginning at full* rates Canary remains dulL Hempseed,- rapeseed, and other sorts much as last qnoted. There is an improved inquiry for cloverseed, but business as yet ,s limited, and where sales have beeninade full prices have been obtained for all descriptions. lXlo supulyvof English growth worth notice has yet come to market. With an unproved demand, canaryseed was noted 2s. to 3s. dearer this morning. Account OS (lOin ariVed jn LoneOn. f rom Jneaav 70 to Imrv 32 CURRENT PMEXOS OF BRMTSH GRAIN AND FlOUR INl Wlreat-EssexmndKent,whhteAd per quarter. Ditto, new..65 - S4 -- - Ditto, red,oldl 78 -82 8- so Ditto, newew.. 62 -78 - Norfolk. Lincolnahie and Y'orkshi'e, red, old ....s 6-8SG 87 -89 Dlitto.nmew.. 62 -76 Bsaely-MAWtn new * 37 - 4 Chenher * 38- 43 ~.Didtillng. 36 -38 Grinding .... . 35 So3 Malt-Essex, ForeiZtk and Suffolk. . 74 -76. 22 Kingston,Ware, anid town-made . 73 - 78 8-2 Rye * 60~~~~~~~~~~2 34 Scotch feed, naew.. 29 -31 Ditt,ol3 . 34 a 3 utt,sak.. .. .23 -25 -2 Beans- 39 ~~~~~~~~~~~40 Ticks . .37 41 Harrw 41I 45 White bollars * 43 50 Maple , 38-41 Flour- Tonmd,per akof20 70 - 72 Households, town. .64 - 66 Norfolk ad'Suffo] cld shp..6 -- 53 FOREIGN GRAIN. snt--nantaie, mlxer~~ ~ ~ Shfilings per quarter. Wbea-Dable,mbcd Mto 9 biminxed - - 92eat-to, 97 Konigsberg ..84-86G - --_90 -92 Iteoclr, new. 62 -86 fine --s - -s0i1 Ancca.hite 8 -so0 red - -- 60-S Ponmes,ZMekb., and Uckereuk. - 84-5 85 -89 Silesln,re . 81 -83 White . .. 85 -87 Daik ieli;n74 -0 so .. SD 8- A Odesa, St Peters- Bsrley-Gindng'. .. .. n 3. 7-362 Ot-Dietilling .36.. : :S 37 Ot Dut, be,andrPolands 30 33 Ditto.feed.~~~~~~~27 29 Danieh and Swedls feed 29 31 Stralsund.29 -31 Beans- Friealandan~d Holstein . 42 -44 KoIDgebeg.4,2 -45 39 4 Pibeherleca45- BO I;ndian Corn-White.:40 -41 Flu- T~lh ero 41ack. Flour-Sp ~'Pemv-k68-U jkcca% sour. perbarrel . 40 -41 Ditto, sweet, ditto.43 - is BRITISH SEEDS. aLd. d. Taxes winter. perhbushel.S Oto 7 6 Corlander,percwt. 29- 24 Caraway, per cwt., new.50- - Canary. per qr. -3 Liuseeed, q., rnaln 7£1-41 Rtapeseed, perqr. new.'88 - 90 Cake, perton.£10 £S- FOREIGN SEEDS, o HeMp3eed, per qr.Sm` l36- Linseed, per qr.-ltsltie..~75 -78 Bombay.5~~~~~0 - 83 Rapeseed, Dutch.~~~~~88 - so Cake,perton .. ...£7 iona-
METROPOLIrA2 CATTLBMARKET, Jan. 14. The anrival of cattle and sheep into the pert of London from the continent during the past weeklihs been moderato. The weather for the last d&y or twro has beenvery frosty. and it continues so, with every appearanoo of its lastin for some time longer. This makes the butchers adverse to purchase beyondwhat their absointo requirements compel themn, seud teh trado therefore to.davvwee very slowv for everything, end to-iees were generelly 2d. Iler stone lowver than last weeli, with many thigs turned out smso d, more partirularWy abeep. The best quality oE hbee realized jus' o. per stone, and infeiior kidus v ent fromu as. led South Down mutton did not realize more 4s. lOd. per stone, and was a dull sale even at this quotation. Pork andvealboth met with slowpurchases. Comparative Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at Morket. Xh= nT-1ff- T.- U 1lleer
HOP-MARKET, Jan. 14.- We bave no alteration of moment to notice drig the past week Prices continne well supported and the demandateady. Thero has boen a considerable buglnesa dong inthe bag trade; The quantity of Middle Kent bags putup of the lst growth is not considered to exteedabove 7,000 or 8,00, and the quality n genexal- is Tery indiffe7o*t. be oust ! ohdoe etwo oelebrhtefer.r b'o 'red Irom 0O. to about B., and on,c or two ceebrated growths of Last bap have beeudLspoedoft2os. to 25s. mnore money.
Tim TEA TRADEt, Jai. 14.-The deliveries il London estimated for the week were 813,4171b., being an increase of 206,8291b. compared with the previous statement. GLASGOW, Jan. 12.-Cotton.-The market for cotton wool continues dull, and prices may be quoted Id. per lb. lowerthan last week. In yarns a fair trade is do ng. as spinneis had allowed themselves to run very low of sto,clc Jaconots, No. 1P;, are depressed, but other deccriptions of goods realize an ordinary profit, though there istnot muach doing. Iron.ince this day se'nnightwAe have seen a good deal of fluctuation in pig iron,.thie pricc of mixced numbers touching 77s, and iS has to-day reached 76s. 6d., cash, at which there are buyers this afteirnoon,but no sellers. The cause of this smart advace has been the callingtip by paries heavily interested in the article of considerable parcels, wrarrants sold for forward delivery, and a con,sequent des§re on the part of late sellers to cover. Very little business has transpired at the advance; indeed, the tradefor the Isst two days has come to a complete standstilL Parcels of malkers' iron cisc be hnd more reasonably, say, mixed nrn1bern 73s. (3d.; No.1,j 7i's. 3f. 3, 74e. d.-
.LA?D. ELAN REVOLtmON fl E. (nOwn O OWN CORRZOONDST.) DUBIN. YfO-DAv lroRT-n_ One of the Galway papers, the Western Star, draws a glowing picture of the beneficial results eiffectedl by 'the Sor 'f:'th E&inee e Commnission, and nisintaina tbatV no part of. Ireland has been so signallybenefitted by its operation5 as the long-neglected province of Connaught: te- l " In these remote parts of the idom, wher Ithe ald propretay had become embarrassed by the results of the famine and other causes, a new race of landlords has been inaugurated, and in many instances the old inheritors have been relieved. Itisbutjust to observe that on well- nt properties the operations of the court were not re d. though old proprietors, in a few instances, sold and plrchased again in order to obtain a better title. -%e Iould instance several unn?ortant. estates-in, this neighbourhood which from superormanagement weathejed the storm of famineand pestl ence, and on wlhich the tenantry are nwow among the most prosperous in the kihgdom. .A.song these we may enumerate the estates of the h:ar of Can. carty, Lord Cloubrock -Mr. Denis H. Eelly, Lord DuusandIle, the 3 rquis of C lan ri c axde, XIr. D udl ey Pe rsse, &c . The former of these landlords has been steadily adding to his property, as portions of other estates were being offecred for sale. It isgra tfgo find that of the purchasers of property in the Encumbered Estates Court a majority are lnasnmen, some of them- merchants and many of them ftormer tenants on the Properties sold." Referring to a recent cormaunication upon this subject which was published ir Tie Times, the Star observes - We do not quite agree with n7e Tinms as regards English and Scottish proprietors i some of them are conducting their properties with great si and advantage. Some of the purchasers are ULster men; and from them we anticipate great improvement. Statesmen and loNtical coo rnists have often attempted, in contsin IsevdhConnaught, to solve the question of the prospesity of the one and the destitution of the othe. Various were the conieztures, but the deductions werein every case futile, so fara6 regarded the foundng on them of practical measures. The grand secrWet was still left undiscovered-the absence of the middle classes,which in the Nrth formns the bone aud sinew of the land; the middle class of farmers is -wanting in the western Province. This is attributable in a great measure to the destruction,of the linen trade which oneo flourished here, as well as to the facilties for the sale of cattle, which has tended to make the West, comparatively speaking,agrang country. On the wholce howb ever, we have reasan for congratulation at the results of the Encumbered Estates Court. Whi3e the number of propIetors has been increased, most of the old ones have been permanently aettled, though on smialler domains. Habits of industry and frugality have been introduced by the new settlers. For the last quarter of a century there has not been so little distress in the country, and symptoms of improvement are everywhere observable. Emigration has been stayed, and we have seen some of the returned emigrantswhoa fewyearsago left the countryfrom want of employment and starvation, but who are now possessed of capitol tea certain extent, and anxious to invet in the old country. With the various railway and fishery projects at present en foot, we have reason to hope that a new era has dawned on Cannaught." WARS OF THE WHm S AND TYRP.=S. It is understood in legal circles that 3?r. James Tyrrell, as defendant in the case of " White v. Tyrrell," is about to move for a new trial in the hope of settin aside thle verdict of 30DI. damages awarded afgainst him for his share in the correspondence which passed between him and Colonel lHenry WVhite. There ore thus tvwo actions now pending, and it is believed that both will be fought contemporaneously, but, of course, in different courts. AN IRISH exAROrS PROPHECY. An ultra-Liberal and Roman Catholic journal, nauseated with the squabbles, politicaland religious, which have renderea the name of an Irish popular representative a byword of merriment, if no worse, linds consolation in raldng up an old threat of Grattan, uttered at the, period of the Union. " Well," said the indignant patriot, " Ireland will have her revenge; she will send into the British Senate, and into the bosom-of her councils, 105 of the biggest rascas that .3ny age or country has ever produced." Hlorrified at this fancy sketch, the joulrnalist piouLsly ejaculates: "tThank God, it has not come tothis; forthere are evesy of the Irish memnbers an honour to their native land; but the policy acted on of Late by those dubbing themselves our leaders would very soon have verified the prediction of our immortal countrmnan." A coasVIer CLuaY-v&A. The following novel announcement appears in the Cork Constitutiom of Saturday .- "It is stated that the Lord Bishop of Cork is about to institute proceedings in the ecclesiastical courtsforthe purpose of declaring the parish of Inniscarvacant by reason of the conviction and sentence to transportation for life for forgery of its rector, the Rev.. W. Beresford. These proceedings, it is said, vill be defended by the creditors of the convict. The pavish has for a number of years been sequestered, and the revenue collected by a receiverutnder the courb, for the benefit of the creditors, whose debts amount to a very considerable sum. The defence which, it is understood, will be set up is a denial of vacancy, on the ground that the incumbent is not dead in law, as the prerogative of the Crown may at any time be exercised in basbebaif by granting him a free pardon. Many peersons look on this defence as futile, but it is said thatlegal opinions of high character speak confidently of its suainmenlt."
SPOBTLVG LZYvTELLICEZQCE: -T A ! TATTPSLLS. Ifo\-njv. Tho broodmare., horses in training. and yearlings belonging to the notorious William Palmer] were put up by auctiorn by the Messrs. Tattersall this day at "the Corner," and attractLd so large an attendance of company that the saleyard was completely crowded. many of the leading patronof theturf and moat of the trainersfromthe north and sonth of EngLand were present. A large majority of the maiscellaneous assemblage, howvever, consisted of persons whose only motive wvas evidently to satisfy a fee* g of, curiosity which the circwsnstances connected witla the sale had excited. In certain instances competition was sustained with much spirit, and it we be seen that high p rices were realized. In th aggregaethe saleamounted to 3,9061.e Major Grove Her Majesty's commissioner from the Royal paddocks, bought Trickatress for. 230 guineas ; but,Istrange to say, although he apoeared to bid anxiously for Nettle-a decidedly superior anfmnal-he at last let her go, Ur. F. Lr PEopham purehasing her for 430 guineas. lNettle, it will he remembered, was iirst favourite for the Oaks last year, but she feUl over the chains soon after starting, and herjockey! had his thigb fractued. The Chicken was' "knocked down" for S0 guineas; the first bid was 300, and Mr. ]E ill spiritedly advanced the p rice mntil he reached 780 guineas, when he stopped. The horse was ultimately sold to Mr!. Harlock, who, it was understood, bought him for " a noble lord." For the 3-yr-old filly by Melbourne out of Seaweed Mr. Sargent gave 500 guineas, Staffordshire Nax was purchased for 300 guineas. With regard to the 2-yr-old brown colt by Sir Hercules, the auctioneer announced that a paper sipsedby Palmer had been handed to him, containing a promise on Palmer's behalf to pay.the breeder of the colt 100 guineas on the first occasion of the animal's winning. This promise, however, the auctioneer stated, would in no way. affect the sale, as the purchaser could pay the money or not, as he pleased. Subjoined is a marked catalogne, with the names of the purchasers of the different lots affixedl Doubt (foaled in 1845). ,by Gladiator, 61 guis (Mr. Blen1Eron). Trickstress. S-yrsold, 230 gulneas (Pince Albert). Duchess of Keent, 200 guineas purcba'e name omitted). Solddnder's dam (foaled ir 1843). 71 guineas (Mr. Pgrkler. ay yeCLng colt by Touchstone-Duchess of Kent, 230 gvines p5ff: Pladwick). Bay yearling colt by Helbourno-GoldinderAs dan, 225 guineas (Mr. 3Beakiron). Brown yearling colt by Faugh-a-Ballagh-Doubt, 51 gineas (Mr. .Sleollsl. Bro yearling Sly by Touchstone-haid of lymne, 250 uinea (Mr. Padwick4. - Brom colt 2-yrs-oldby Sir Berculega-urls' daim, 105 guine Bay filly, 2-yr-old (sister to Staffordshire Nan), 82 guineas (lfr. HadlaudQ. Brom Miy, 3 yrs old, by Melboarne-Seaweed, 50 guinea (Mr Sargent. .lip Van W.nlzle, 3jVrs old, by the Ilying Dutchana, 70 gluineas (Mr. Sargent). Staffordshire Nan, 3 yas old. 300 guineas (r. Brant). Nettle.4 yrs old, 430 guineas mr. -F. I Prnhaan). The Chicken, 4 yas old, 800 guinea (Ar. Halock). Lurler, Syrs old, 120 guineas (lr. Alexander). Morning Star (Brother to Pole Star), 71guine &r. erstoun. TuB SuisscRnTrox-noo The room wasvery thinly attendeduatilafterthesale,when subscribers mnstered numerously; but speculationwas still on a limited scae. The only movement of interest was the outlay in support of:Wentwortb for the Derby ; after 8 to 1 had been laid to 501., 7 to 1 was taken to upwards of 4001. At the conclnsion of busine.ss our list of quotations was as follows:- LTVERPOOL STEEBE CHASE 700 to 100 agst Black Swan andllaasy Lorriquer (taken). CH}zs Cu. 1,000 to 30-ag3t Mr. HowardsCoroner (talken). 4o- I--fMr. Rigby's Im3enge n(takento various m WOOD-10- Mr. T. Fazs Italist (taken). X,0D0-15- Lord Zetland'!s Fandago (taken). 1,000-15 Mr Osbaldeto's eman (taken). 1000O-15- Mr. J Osborne's Yor;shire Gray pIAken). 1, 0-15-i Mr. Sidebottom's Aleppo (taken). 1,000 -15 -Mr. F. F ees Mmid of the Meon (1,000 to i0 alm laid.) 1,00-10-,SirT. Surwx' the Chicken (taken. ,000 -40 - CXatan D. ILane's Epiniondus (taken,) 1,000 - 10- Lord Clifden's Simoy (taken). 1,000-10-Mr. Heywoodn&a Courteny (taken). . Tux Two-TEousAsa. 4 to 2 aest Mr. Bowes's Fly-by-Night (offereo). TwaDrEsaY. - -- I to 1 agat Mr. G. W. ritzWilliam'sWentworh taen). 9- l- AdmniralHarcourt'aEllington (oered). S 1 - 1- XrZowes'i Fly-br-Eight (offeredl). 213- 1- Mr. H0WA3W'Yel'rjaek Ito Xq. J1- 1-Mr. H1; Hila Ptoe Itaken ard Offesrei. 18- 1- Mr. Xorri'Artfier4 take20 to 1). : - 2 -I Mr. J&Ierr'a -poltoodle (taken). 0- . .(taken).
JfETROPOLITAN BOARD Or op!_ Yesterday morning a eeing of the Xetrono1itaa of Works was held at ngton-hoMse, Piecailly fo pse of elect4alg a erk, andfor generalpuapo, _ MIr. CERS brought up areport from the Commit on Salaries and Daties of Olffcems. Thyreoommauedetda. the salay of the.cngineern cblef.aonlielAOOt a-er, including travellinga;nd incidental expense, a4thai tli.. salary of the accountant sould he 0 e The desired ferther time to settle the S yinddxuttes of the superntending architect for metropolitan buSld After some discussion, the report of the commitee, FOas it reLated to the salaof the engerandtle sary o£the accountant, was then adopted. The former committee s pDoiited, and-hve na`me; were added, to consider the adaptation of the premisee ina reek-street to tpupoees of the Board. The new me3ahers elected wereeasrs. Howes lIunt, Irvdig, Dlenni, and Pascakll The CHAXBSAS aLnnounoed that the next binesswas% the appointment of clerk; 34 applications had boen received, accompauied, in many cases, with testimotiials. Thez names of the candidates were as follows .-:essr& Dovor, J. Stonor, IL Wool ch, Cheire. Bro Abtat,J_ H_ Buck-ton, G. Coode, Curling, Burden, Cooke, Church_ Smaith, Gibbons, Iawford, Hriier, Isaacson, Greene, HIoward. Simon, aning,Patteson, Thoarpson, Bull, Cluhb,. Bust, Burt, Hae Bailey, Johnson, Breetb, Munden, Wal'angton, and J. Wilisn. He (the chairnanwouldhn. glad to take the opinion of the Board as to theanerin which the matter should be Proceeded wvith. r. SAVsaG said he had received a circulat fmm Mr.- WiDkinson, stating that he bad become a candidate oIL thurequest of several members of the Board. He sho41d like to - knnow by how many members of the Board that requisitionhhad been signed, inasmuch as if 20 or 30 namies had been ap-- pended to it the election was virtuall at anend.- The Cnaxnaa2IG said he did not hnow. .dlA he-coid saywas. that he had received a proper notice from l1r.Wllkinsonthat it was his intention to become a candidaW. Mny questions arose on rererence to thecandidature of : Mr. Wilkinon, andit was contended by several gentlemen. that it would be indiscreet to allow a member of theBoard to be elected to the office. Mr. -NICllOnAY considered that it ould he o6rteorus to the gentlemen who had applied that their ttimonia&er. s hould be read, and that, if necessary, they shold have anc opportunity of addressing the Board. (Cries of "Olh, oh r)ie complained of the advertisement which hadcleeissuea- The Board bad determined that it was necessary to have w. gentleman of legal mind as necretary, andyet, that fact nothnving been mentioned, many gentlemen had applied who, were not qualified. He moved "That the candidates' applications be read." Mr. CRELsry seconded -the amendment. M-. Orrou moved as an amendment thab thoapplicationsv he printed and circula that thetestimorials lie at Greekstreet for inspection, and that the election be postponed. The amndiment not having been seconded fell to them ground. Mr. D ALTOe moved as an amendment that all the names: hbeput upandreducedtotwo,as in the caseof the chair- ir. D'IFFAxGEm secoDded the amendment, iwlich was.; carried. On the amendment being put as a substantive motion, Mr. WucGarr moved. as an amendment, that no mnemberof the Boardbe accepted as acandidate for any paid officein the gift of the Board until he has resigned hisseat. Hetrusted, for the dignity of the Board, that they -ould not. descend into the arena ofjobbery. If theprinciple of elect- ing members of the Board were established it wond be pro- - ductive of much inconvenience, and on future occasionsthey would have no candidates at all Suppoe iLn archi- tect were wanted, there was a very able one at the Board. HMr Hunt), and he might come forward as a candidate_ Again, they had a very distigished civil engineer (31r_ Cartmeli), and hem *t become aL candidate wen an en-- gneer was anted.T'hey might thus descendin fhis man- er until one or other of their colleagues would beoome can-- didate for the offize of hou-ekeeper.. Of Mr. V;klimson, themember of the Board who as a caudidatefor the secetav s,hip, all must speak in the highest praise, hut they wua meuch prefer him as colleague than as clerl. Mr. SAVAGE seconded the amendment, and contended. that the Board would lose much of its mora strength if it commenced the practice of electing themselves-to paid> offices. Hitherto the Boardladstoodcvell wthlthep lie, but, if this system were once commenced, thepublic would cometothe conclusion that the wholeaffair was a30b. Mr. iATrT said there had beens in the corporation of tho city of London for a quarter of a centuy a by-law pro-- hibiting any member from becoming apidoffcerof that. body. After a lengthened discussion, the amendmentwas arried. by 20 to 15, and it was immediately afterwards carried as a substantive motion. sfr. H. L. TAyLOR moved that the names of the candidates be reduced to siX, that their applications and' testimo-- nials be read, and that the number be then reduced to two,. from whom the final choice should be made. ' It was moved as an amendment that the questioni be ad-- journed until Friday next, in order that the resolution comem to by the Board might be communicated to Mr. Vlldneon,_ and that he might have an opportunity of deciding whether - ornot he would resign his seat. Mir. CoLIam;soS appealed to the Board not to pass such a resolution, which wouldconvince thepublic that they were triHling with most important business. T'he question gave rise to a very animtted conversation, and at l7ength the 3mendment providing forteadjoLurnment. of the question until Friday next was carried. 'lThe Cmrsmx saLid he had received a great many appli-- cations for situations. He should feel greatly obliged to thepress if it would announce that appliants wouligain no-- thing by haming their applications filtered throogh hri hands. he should send them all to the office, and theywould rest upon merit alone. . It was arranged that the election of engineer and account. - ant be fixed for the meeting to be held next Fridy week, and that advertisements be inserted in the morning and-: evening newspapers inviting apphcations. The Cs.ArantAnr said that the application to the corpor-- tion for the use of the Council-chamber had not been answered, as mo meeting of that body had yet been held. 3Ir. H. I. T.Anos. said the Council would meet next, Thursday, andhe had no doubt thatimmediatelyafterwardsa the Board would have an answer in the affirmative. After somefurther business the Court adjourned.
TO THE E-DITOR OF TBUE 27E&' Sir,-.&s I am referred to in the evidence oF Mfr. Georgou Palmer given atthe adjourned inquiiry into the death ofE Ann Palmer, held on the 11th inst., I amdesirous to explain% what really ocurred with regard to the papers stated by- him to havebeen fonmndn a drawer in his brother Wiham's house, and to have been disposed of by "one of thajurymen, Mr. Hawldns, who got possession of the papers,. and handed them to Inspector Crisp and Mr. Gardner, the: solicitor to the prosecution." Mr. Hawkins, who vas present at the sale referred to in.' Mr. George Palmer's evidencewhen the discovery was made, came to my office, and stated that a book and some papers-: had been found, and were in the hands of the auetionecrHe added, " Ithin it only sight to give yon this information;-and yon can act upon It2Ss you thin fit." I t oucer informed the police, and saw the auctioneer, wtho admitted. he had the hook and papers (but which I did not see), and. promised to look them throug'n with Inspector Crs, and. -to hand over to him such of them as be might desire to- From eircumstances Nvhic hkad occurred, and wbich Mr. Hawkins explained to me, there was good reason to believe the book andPers might speedily be out of the reah of' the poice, s Hawkins exercised, as I think; a whso discretion in acting as he did. Those to whom he is known (except, perhaps, a few who desire, for certain ends, to create a prejudice against him) will readily acquit him of any desire to act unfairly or improperly, bhut inasunch as a misstatement of the eircamstances might lead others to a different opinion, and to an, inference that, "whatever might be the character of the evidence given, his mind -was ade sp," it is only common justice to him that I should give the above mform- I may id that it was given to me as the attorney con.- ducting the prosecation against William Palmer: for the alleged murder of Mr. J. P. Cook. Iam nowise concerned inthe case Teferring to the deMth of Ann Palmer. I am. Sir. Tour obedient servant JAMIES GADNM . Xugeley, Jan. 14
THE Qre's PEaSET TO Mss KIGIMGr A J The design of the jewel is admiable, and the effect no less brilliant than chaste. Itis chcteisticand emblematica being formed of a St. George's Cross in rnby-red enamel on a white field, representing Bngland. This is encircle& by a black band, typifying the office of Charity, on which is inscribed a golden legend, " Blessed are the merciful," of course, inallusion tothe meritofIlissFlorenceli!ghtingale,: the recipient. The Royal donor is expressed bytc letters. " V.R., surmounted by a Crown in diamonds, impressee& upon the centre of the St George's Cross, from which also. rays of old emanating upon the field of white enamnc are suppos torepsent the fl of England. de snreadin rancheso 2,n t green enam t ippea th So form a frameworl for the shield, their stems at the bottom being banded with a riband of blue enamel (the colour of the riband for the Crimean medal), on which, ist golden letters, is inscribed "Crimea." At the top, of the, shield, between the pelm branches, and connecting the, whole, three brilliant stars of diamonds illustrate the idea, of the light of Heaven shed opon the laboums of Miercy, Peace, and Charity, in connexion with the glory of s, nation. On the back of this Royal jewel is an inseriptior on a golden ablei, written by Her 3ajesty, which staim npon it a ralue inappreciabl, as recording it to be a git and testimonial in memory of seiees rendered- to Ler brave army by jewss Nightingale. I¢ejewel is about threa inches in depth by two-and-a-half inwidth. It is to be; orn, not as a brooch or. orn=ment, but rather as the badge. of an Order, the most precious from the ranner of its con-- ferring-the most singular in the merit of its reoeifer-the most illustrious in honour that has yet issued from the^ fountain of all honousthoe rowvn of England. Vebelieve the credit of the design f sldue to the illustrious consort of Her iajesty, and we nderand that it was nianmfactred by-Ycssrs Garrard,.the Crown jewelle&-Aorsiwy A F]AcioDy MANAGER SHOT AT BY AWOrAX.-- On Tuesday Robert Anderson, emjployed as a spinn*master in Cog's-mil, Govan-street, Rutcheson-town, was5 or some neglect of duty, it is stated, dismisse4 by themanger, lir. Ebenezer iM¶nav. lAst evening (Thins day), abciit half-past 6l o'clocie,1X&¶Winlay, who ives at. 8, Govan-street, was prooeeding through the cloae leaaing to his rsSience, wheni Andeson, who was a a is comuing, *lischarged a loaded p istol at hiun, the contents or which lodged in bis mieck. Ts^he shot very' nerly prove4s fatal. Several parties being near, Anderson had scarceilyquitted the crlose when hie was wied-andtaekeuiuio clustodya, -G{JeVoQ Disz.jy 3M;n, -;
* .. RACE E (fl4X opX OWN COM@PON-DET.) I - - - YRI, siU5DAY, JAxN. 13, 6 Pr.s~ )u seriously reviewirg the presont state of affairs I balancing the clhances for and against the ,tlement of our quarrel with Russia, I do not ink that every hopa of peace has as yet passed ay I do not, of course, pretend to affirm that ch whil beathe case, but merely to say that there a chances7still of an arrangement. It is right to te the grounds on which this very modified inion is 'fonned, and I now do so. Count ckelberg; 'he hearer of the answer of the Rue- in overnmzent to the propcsitions of Autria, rived at Vienna, as perhaps you are already aware, an early hour' lir the morning of Friday last. ehad an'n-Eerrnew with ML. de Buol at 152 the me day, and delivered the despatches of which wa the, bearer. Those despatches contained e-reply 6f 31. deNeselrode, but they did not atain what Austria had formally demanded-the re and simple acceptance of the propositions which h ave already communicated toyou, but coumter- ositions; Of these counter-propositions I do not o sficient toauthorize me to say much on the biect; all-I know is, that the reply of M. de Nesarode was: couched in terms extremely mild and ineliatory; indeed auclh more so than any one excted from an arrogant Power, whose resentment s been whetted by forced humiliation, smarting er repeated defeats-% portion of her territory Lually possessed by her enemy-her famous strong- d through which she was to conqucr the world, ruins, and the detested Iag of the conqueror ting on the battlements which had been impregble until English and French valour showed the itrary. The answer then of Russia was not, if I rightly informaed, of the defying kind which the Iecedent bearing of Russia would lead one to pect. AX1 gentle as it wvas, howvever, it was not Latwe demanded; it was notthe "Yes" or "No" out further discussion, and as such it did not sfy 1. de Buol. Austria has been often and deedly reproached for her backwardnesns in fulfill~ the engagements she has contracted; she 'has r taunted, for her indecision, her wealness, and want of 'spirit, and has given occasion for being pectedl ev'en of bad faith. If what I amn assured good authority be correct, MI. de Buol has taken 'tep which does her honour. When he learned ,t Russia did not accept the propositions purely l simply, -he sent instructions to Count Esterhazy St. Petersburg to at once break off all diplomatic ations with the Russian Government. I cannot vwhether CountEsterhazywas ordered to demand passport. and quit St. Petersbiug, but the Dtue of Ielationa between Austria and Russia is, La assured, a fact. So far so "ood. The step one in the right direction, anSthenext move atAustriasrmakes wvill, should circustaces require be sil more^ so. The action of M. de Buol on matter -ias decisive and prompt, and I doubt tether he lost time even to consult his colle,atgues ,tre despatching the order to St. Petersburg. sria, wse may suppose, was antiouls of proving to allies and to Russia that she wasneither timid false, and we now anxiously look for the result, far as that Power is concerned. Wha the real ugre of the coanter-propositious of Russia is I zsay but lit-tle, but I hardly thin!;, from the very tre oi the'circunstances, that the difference can so great between her offer and our demnand as to nove all hope of its being mnade still less. M¢ay it l be safely conjeued that the act of unwonted e rgy on the part of Austria which I have ttmentioned will reduce this difference to l smallet proportions; that it will become ine by degrees and beautifilly less," so as to preit no sernots obstacle to peace ; and that it may lcome a question for consideration whether for an aost impalpable object the allies will continue a r which has already been attended with such at results? 'When Russia delivered her answer Is probable that she did not believe Austria uld execute her promise or her threat of a diplotic rupture, and when she finds that she has been staken may she not still approach nearer to us? is is not oUtside the circle of probabilities; and en the difEerence is still more narrowed, so as to IhttIe niore than one of words, is it imnossible bt the alligsandRuil agree to "jsplit the rerence I' 'I have said that the tone and style of desnatch brought by 31. Stackelberg is mi'ld and iciliatory ;-the rejoinder of Austria may do much make the next completely satisfactory. :f Russia accept the neutralization of the Black t, and the rectificdtiou of the Ottoman territory relating to' the Danubian Principalities, the ob- for wlidch we undertook the war -Will have n-vell nigh attained. NIeither bysea norbyland 1 Turkey then have anything to fear from Russia. Lha-e alreciy neutralized the Black Sea effecy, and the diappearance of the forts which give t a military appearance, and the destruction of the te our -work, and Turkey is safe Principalities have ever been [bridge over which the Russians passed to menace Ottoman. territory. - They have been so accused to enter that country that 'they were quite as chat home there ais at Moscow or St. Petersburg, certainly more so than in many provinces of rown emipire. Russia considered the Prin¢ities as her own ground, on wihich she d take her stand against not only Turkey, Austriia if necessary, and which she considered e as much her own property as the -waters of the e. With a mountain barrier on one side, and on the otiherfromi which the fleets of her enemy been utterly soept by her own suicidal hand, ey, stll with ber fleet in the Bosphorus, will in complete safety. We await therefore with tience for the news of the impression made at Petrsburg by the rupture of relations with tria, and not without the hope that the next er of Russia will not only be mild and contory lilke trhe present, bmt will still narrow the ance between us. the meantime we are not idle. I am told that English Government has been asked by France ther they can supply vessels for the conveyance French force amounting to 80,000 men, 6,000 es, and 100. guL It is not said for what point, there canhardlY'be a doubt that it is for-the prjvateletter from -amburg, dated the 10th, IUS me thft orders have been just given by the dish Government-to fit out at once in the port of -' 'ann two ships of the liae, three hidgates, four corvettes The same letter adds whatevei - be not tlcought of the cirof the Danish -Governmcnt, Denmark will no altemative bui to folloW Sweden when the ent comest for the:remunption of hostilities. King of DeXmark feel much dissatisfaction at eatr of Sweden rith France and England being o sthoutminy communaication with himn and ently {he relations between the Courts ha= less friendly than before. Seebach iTives to-iorrow in Pais. Notwithwing what 12M been said again ian again about 31eged imDQttSce of that w calledha 'r miis-' 'tosxSt. ]Vtetshurg reaffamn what I have ys said on,±ln subject. IHe was summuoned to ien by lis"Gooemnmeiit, but when he leit Paris 'd not knowr he should go as far as St. PetersThe conversations he may have had with the ror and his Ministers had always been duly ed to the English Government. It is possible, y say it is certain, that his conferences with M. ~eas*rode have done good; but I believe t~cg I I far too miuch importance has been given to his departure. AUSTRIA. (FOM OUR GMT 0DiM'oD7:xT.) - VIENNA, JAIN. Wt. Before the 14th or 15th of this month the diplomoatic world can have- no positive knowledge of the intentions of Russia, but som4e of the very best informecpersons in the city consider it "morally certain" that Count Stackelberg brings an evasive reply to the Austrian despatch, or, in-other words, that he is the bearer of counter-propositions. When Count Valentine Esterhazy had communicated to Count Nesselrode the conditions of peace, the Russian statesmanwished-to discaus their merits withi him, but the Austrian diplomatist at once gave him to understand that he had been chargpd by his Government not to enter into any discussion on the subject, as the propositions- were to be unconditionally ac-cepted or as unconditioniay rejected by the Russian Government. The western world is evidently inclined to believe that if Russia should forward counter-propositions Count Esterhazy will immediately be -recalled, but sach -is not likely to be the case. Directly after their arrival the Russian proposals will be forwarded to Paris and London, and the three allied Powers Wi then have to decide whether they are worthy of being taken into consideration. Should they unnimously agree to reject them, Count Esterhazy wfill then be recalled, and the diplomatic relations bctwveen Russia and Alstria broken offi The Archbishop of Venice has followed the example of his reverend brother of Milan, and established a regular "ecclesiastieal censure." This measure cannot fail to lead to a collision between Church and State, as the Italian Bishops have gone beyond their tether. The Austrian prelates, who are extremely cireumspect andeautious, are greatly vexed at the imprudence of their Italian friends. It is clear to every one, excepting to thcse whom i most concerns, that the old Guelph spirit till lives in the Italian hierarchy. In the middle ages the Guelphs systematically opposed the Emperors and their adherents, the Ghibellines, and the two parties are almost as well defined as they were in bygone times. If the Bishops continue as they bave commenced, hardly a trace of the concordat wil be left 10 years hence. There was a Court Bal last night, and every one appears to have been struck with the remarkable change which one short year has made in the deportment of the Empress; formerly she was extremely timid, but she has acquired seLf-possessou, Iand now moves with remarkable ease and digniity. The Empress is considerably taller than she was at the time of her marriage, and looks remarkably well. The weather is extremely mild, audl typhus is taking great advntage of the circumstance. RUSSIA. The Nord publishes the following boasting letter, dated Riga, January 6:- " Aide-doe-anp-Gensra de Siewers, in command of the Baltic army, who was called to St. Petersburg about a month ago to attend the war councils, returned a ftw days since to resme his command. His head-quarters are at hlitau - " It is said that the Baltic army, wlhich last spring was £O,000 strong, wi before the end of the winter have received an increase of 20,000 men, which will bring it up to a total of 100,000. Tais increase was decided upon to oppose the arrmy which it is so confidently announced the allies purpose landing niext spring in Courland. They will find us well prepared, and we will dispute every inch of ground with the invaders. "' Our fortifications at Donamunde, Riga, Revel, and all along tho coast of the gulf at the most exposed points, Will be greatly strengthened before the opening of the campaign. It has, moreover, been decided at St. Petersburg that batteries shall be erected in front of all the approaches to the Batic ports, armed with guns of heavycalibre and long range, so as to be able to compete -with the guns of the English and French men-of-war. The allies wi find, if they effect a landing, that we are prepared to meet them." The YoV-d also publishes the following, "General Khrouleff, who distinguished himself at the defence of Sebastopol, and whose name has been so often mentioned in the military bulletins, has just arrived at St. Petersburg. "4The Emperor has conferred the grand cross, second class, of the Order of St. Vladimir upon Rear-Admiral Zavoikoo, Military Governor of Eamtschatka and Commander of the port of PetropaulovskL" SPAIN. (FROM oUR OWN cosRBsPo0i)DXcr.) MADRI, JA. 8. A disagreeable occurrence took place at the latter part of yesterday's sitting -at the Cortes, owing to the insubordination of the corps of Xational Guards who were on duty there. I know not why it was ordered so, but since the assembling of the present Constituent Cortes the guard, both wvithin and without the Palace of the Cortes, has been intrusted to the national militia exclusively. The other most important posts, as the main guard at the Homeoffice, in the Puerta del Sol, and also the exterior guard of the Palace, are confided to equal forces of the line, and thie militia. A company (the 3d) of the 2d light battalion of infantry of the latter force was on duty yesterday at the Congress, and was led into insubordinatiodi by the first sergeant, who, it appears, had been previously drinkg with some well-dressed civilians at a tavern in the neighbouring Calle de Cedaceros, and had been supplied by them with ammunition and percussion caps. The companies of national militia are strong ones, consistingof 160tol80men. Onreturningto the guardhousethesergeant ordered the men to load their muskets, and placed sentinels at the doors of the Congress, with orders that none of the deputies shovid be .allowed to leave. Seditious cries were uttered at the same time, some in favour of a republic, and also of Saragoasa, and aant the recent resolution of the Cortes and GovernmTent, who have refused to take any notice of a violent protest sent by a number of people there ag,ainst the reimposition of the Excise duties on articles of general consumption. The Commander of the post and officers of the company tried to. bring the men to a sense of duty without effect. . One officer was slightly wounded by a bayonet, and Senor Lallana, secretary to the civil governor, was menaced by the sergeant, who put a musket to his breast and threatened to take his life if he did not at once withclrav. Several deputies entering Lat the time, the nes soon became known in the ICong,ress, lvhich wvas then quietly discussing the Ne v Bank Bill, and the President ((General Infante) went down wvith two of the secretaries to remonstrate- with the ational Guards, but they were insulted by them, as was also General San Mignel; and other deputies; and on their return the -ortes, on the motion of Senor Escosur, imnmediately voted their sitting permanent, until this bnetde was put down and assurances given by the Government to that effect. Senor Bruil sent for the Duke de La Victoria, who rarely attends the sittings, and he arrived soon after a p.m, with his usual suite, and addressed the mutineers in strong terms, calling them drumkards, and saying that they were a dis- gace to the uniform they wore. -He also gave the Cortes assurances that he would either lose his life or put the thing down within a few minutes, which was received withl much applause. The deputies, who are commanders of battalions also, gave assurances on behalf of their respective corps of their adhesion to the cause of order, and -readiness to defend the representative body if necessary. n the meantime the mutineers rained shouting. ania occasionally -tiring in the air-falling off~, however, one by one-till the forces on duty at the main guard and other points, who had been senlt for by Espartero hand arrved, when those who remained moved off. Some seditious cries had been utered in the front of the main guard, but nothing more serious took place than a good deal of confusion -and some alarm, the reports of the occurrence having become greatly exaggerated by the time they reached the more dis.tant :qusrtegi of MIadrid. The .cavalry of the Nationial Guard (a-very wonservative force) turned .out and forrie& in- the PFiWa de Isabel II., and the artilley of the same also at their barracks in the I Calle de SaniAlartin, and pstrols of cavalry travesd ..The So.uicih of .Inisties muet 3t 14) p.tn, Colonel Cardero, governor of this province, being present, and various precautionary measueswerea pted. A strong proclamation from Colonel Cardero was poste on the wlls this mornig, in which he de. clars that those who took p art in the disturbance. shall be severely chastised. Several arrests were zna.de ais uigbt, and the arties ha;nded over to the nilitaxy authoritrss for trial. The .sergeant, who .as the ringleader, was mptured, and also the author of an inflammatory and revolutionary ad. dresw, who, the printer of it declared, had 6rdered him to prepare 2,000 c6piew of it by 4 p.m. ttat day; the author was taken at his residence in the PusgW. de Mur-ga. Several men of thie company on disa yesterday were taken last night and this 3norniDg, and will also be tried by Con3t-rnartial. The office of the democratic papws the S,e,ranuti, was entered in the night by the poice% and its publication prohibited and prevented. At Alcoy, a flourishing place, in t*el province of Alicant, with 30,000 inhabitants, an imsrrettion has taken place in consequence of the corporaionlinhag imposed a contribution for some local pepes. The execution of their decree was resisted by rnied meen, and the National Guard, on being a nout, sided with the latter; so that the corporwion was without means of resistance; but thd governr of t.he province hadarrived, and had sent fortroops fom vrarious parts within that district. It cannOt be concealed that a good deal of diseontent exists, and that there are many persoswho are firm friends of order whothink that the Government are acting injudiciously in persisting in reim-. posin- the OEcise .duties in their present shape after they-ha.- ibee$ repealed oythe exsting.Cotes. They thin] that another form might be ladopted which would produce an equal revenue, and would be less vexatious and oppressive than those taxes are felt to. be as -hitherto levied, since, independently of their amount, they impede the internal trade of the countrs to an incredible extent. I alluded recently to the claims put forwrard by the holders of a class of Spanish debt called "Denda negociable" to have the proper acknowledgments given them, in representation of interest, converted into redeemable debt, and which claims are now before a committee of the Cortes. I am informed that Lord Howden, having seen letters in foreign *ournalsrespecting the preference accorded by Senor Brailtothem,has taken up the subject very strongly, and has-addressed a letter to the Spanish 6Governsnent in which, relying on the impartiality of Senor Bril, he expresses his confident expectation that the 1nglish creditors will be put exactly on the same level with all others as regards all future paymnents.- Lord Howden has, I understand, also sent home the draught of a convention approved by the Spanish Government, by which certai arbitrary and vexatious charges imposed upon foreigners in this country by a decree issued by the Conde de Alcoy are abrogated, and in which the statuts of the foreigner is finally and amicably determined. There is reason to hope that the postal convention may soon be settled; as also a treaty respecting literary property, the only difficulty which remains being one raised here about the duration of the right of copyrighlt. The report of the committee of the Cortes on the proposal of the Crddit Mobilier Company and their friends was read yesterday. The only question previouslyin dispute, asmentionedina recent letter, has since been arran-ed. A Government inspector Will be named with aZ1 necessary powers to examine their books, &c.; but not with the title or functions (as first demanded) of a comisayio regio. The other proposa of Senors :Moreno, Sevillano, and other Spanish houses, was also read and referred to a committee. They propose to constitute a credit association, 0with a capit31 of 5000,000 reals, one half of which isto be paid up at once. The funds have risen today. The Three per Cents. have been done at 35.50 cash; and the Deferred at 22.25 and 30.
DESPATCHES FROM THE CRIMEA. (From the Snpplement to the London Gazett of Fniday, January U-Monday, Janry 14.) WA, DEPARTAMNT, JA. 14. Lord Paimure has this day received two despatches and their enclosures, of -which the follo*ing are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, IX.C.B. - SEBASTOPOL, JA. L MIy Lord,-,I have the honour to enclose the copy of a letter from his lighness Omar Pasha, addressed to General Sir James Simpson, in acknowledgment of a despatch from him, dated October 30, 1855, announcing the gracious intention of Her Majesty to bestow the Crimean medal upon the Ottoman troops. I have, &c., W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. The Lord Panmure, &ac. (Enclosure.) Au Quartier Gen6ral sur le Tivi, Mlngrdlie, le 26 Novembre, 1855. Monsieur lo G6n6ral,-J'ai eu l'honneur do recevoir la d6pdche dI 30 Octobre, dans laquele votre Exellence mxa transnis copie d'une d6pecho du dlunistre de la Guerre, annortqant A'intention gracieuse de Sa Majestk la Beine d'Angleterre d'accorder aux soldats Ottomans la medaille qn'elle a deja confere aux soldats de son arzmee. Je ToUs prie, Monsieur le Gen6ral, de faire part a Sa Majest6 de la reconnaissance queje partage avec les soldats de rarm6e que j'ai rhonneur de commander, de lI condescendance de Sa MajestG en bien voulant accorder aux soldats de Sa Majest6 Imp6riale le Sultan cette marque de son approbation de leur conduite, qu'ils regarderont comnie tn souvenir de sa bont6 condescendante, et des faits glorieux qui ornt eu pour r6sultat la prise de S6bastopoL X7aurai l'honnear de faire part A. mon Gouvernement de la gracieuse intention de Sa Majest6 la Reine, pour quo je puisse prendce les ordres de Sa Xajest6 Imp6riale le Sultan a6 ce sujet. Agr,ez, &c., OMAR, Le G6n6ralissime de 'Anm6e Ottomane. A son Excelleice le Gen6ral Sir J. Simpson, G.C.B. Comnmandant-en-Chef r'Armie Anglaise en Orient. SEBASTOPOL, JAN. L BMy Lord,-I have the honour to enclose Dr. flail's weekly report, dated the 31st of December, 1855, and have great pleasure in1 calling your Lordship's attention to the very satisfactory state of the general health of this army, which is therein detailed. I have, &-c., W. J. CODIINGTO!Z, General Commanding. The Lord Panmure, &c. (Enclosure.) tread-quarters, Camp, Crimea, Dec. 31, 1855. Sir,-I have the honour to report the weeldy state of sick to the 29th inst The health of the army continues very satisfactory; there is an absence of serious disease, and, although the admissions under the heads "chest affections" and "frostbite" are numerous, itis satisfactory;to know that the fnrmer are, for the mosa prt, merely simple catarrhs, and the latter slight vesications of the fingers, toes, and tips of the ears. The few serious cases there are were all occasioned by exposure when drunlk The Land Transport Corps does not enjoy the same health that the troops do, and more than one-half of the deAths which have occurred during the week have talken place in tlmt corps alone. Under the head of fever, one-third of the admissions and two-thirds of the deaths were in the Land Transport Corps-that is, 65 out of 182 admissions, and 11 deaths out of 15, leaving only four for the whole army, which is as great an exemption from serious febrile disease as ea well be expected. The diminution of bowel complaints in the army is equally remarkable; and here again three out of the seven deathaf which occurred took plaeo in the lcmd Transpot Corps. It is difficult to account for this dipaity of health between this corps and the military, as they are as well fed and clothed as the soldiers, and of late they have certainly not been overworked. Numbers of men have recently joined the corps; and as thiy get bettir orgamize&matters will, doubtless, improve. Nearly one-half of the forco is compoeed of natives, not of the Crimea, but of Asia 3fixr and other places, and; theybear the wirter i. - The following abstract shows the admissiows anI deaths during the week, and those during te previoas week:- This Weak. hAst week.~ Aamaitted. Uaa-d ~Adited Died., :7et-era .. ; ... 182 15 173 16 Head affections. ... 9 2 2 -2 Chest ditto . ... 27 O 0 221 1 Darrhoea . ;. '- -3 204 *4 Cholera;... . . 3 12 7 ]DV_eetery. .-8 - I1- -40 0 Rheumatism . . 44 -2 58 1 ,Frostbites - _ -*.* 9S -O 269 1 -WenasdiA artes - 72:--- -- 4 -- -- 48 C OphtlaLaa. . 37. 0 22 0 Other4V jEs V ... 425 6 374 2 otal . ... 1,274 36 1,423 40 I have, &c., J. HTALT, Inspeetor-General of aospitals, 'tener1 irw. J. Codrington, IC.B.B, Comadngin- Cif.
-TJIE- AMY £THB C.: . -. GENRAL ORDERS. i liesdtexs, Sebast~~~3frop XDec, 25r ]m No. L.t a H he at Cainp wo Sebatopot, en the 26thdiy of-December, 185S, in FPgzranoe -of an order of his Extellency General Sir W. Codairg tone, KCC.B., eo0rannding the forces, dated the 24th of Dbsomber, 1855J No. 3,8O8, Sergeant Charles Wilsons, ilth Huxsar, was tried i*on the following chiarge .-Por that he did atKazfieseb, in thze Cimea, on or about the 10th day of Deceiber, 1855, feloaiossly, ilflly, and of malice aforethouht, kml andaurderJohuForrext. The Court found the pui nee" Guity of %nnslaUgbter." - Sentec-The Court hainug found the prisoner guilty of 1m hter, and having received evidence of his previous good character, do now adjudge him, tle prisoner, No. 1802, Sergeant Charles Wilson, 11th Humsars, to be trnsported for theteae of 14years. W. G. ROME, Deputynadge-Advocae J. R. CRAUFURD, Brigadier-General and President. Aftei a careful consideration of theseproceedings, it is my opinion that the Court has taken an extremaly lesime view of the case, as proved by the evidence before them. I can-not concur in this view; but I nevertheless confirm the sentence of the Court. General Commianding the Frce. No. 2. The general Courmartial of which Brigadier' General Craufurd was President is dissolved. No. 3. Lientenant Nlicholls, 39th Regiment, will be aftached to the Land Transport Corps until further orders. No. 4. The undenmentioned has been struck off the list of interpreters to; this army:-Second-class Interpreter ]fuggerdich Agob, from the 30th of NTovember, 1SM. The following are appointed Secorid-^lass Interpreters to this i army :-Abdullah SeYed, from the 10th of December; Con. Etautine Constantinides, from the 12th of December. No. 5. The Commander of the Forces sanctions the issue of fuel and light as follows, daily :-To each regimental orderly-room and Paymaster's-office, four rations X of light until the 29th of February; to the store.of Royal Artillery, used as an issuing store at Balaklava, eight rations ef fuel and four rations of light. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommenda . tion of medical boards to Lieutenant Johnston, 89th Regt. mlent ; Lieutenat A. Ferguson, 424 Regiment ; Ensign G Hutchins, 18th Regiment; and Surgeon Forteith, 1st Dragoons-to proceed to E nglaud. On arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. To Major Lowrndes, 47th Regiment; Lieutenant 0. De lancey, 47th Regiment; and Assistant-Commissary-General Archer, to proceed to Malta. On medical certificates to Acting Staff Assistant. Surgeon C. Morris, to the 31st of January, to proceed to SmnL tfani; Captain Barrow. and Lieutenant Dicl;son, 82d Regi. ment,tothel5thofJanuary,toproceedtotheMonatery; First classl Staff Surgeon Roberts, to the 5th of.January, to go to hospital at Balak}ava; on medical certificates, in extension, to Major Loury, 47th Regiment, to the 14th of January - Lieutenant Nutting, 19th Regiment, tothe25th of January; Ideutenant Birch, 88th Regiment, to the 10th of January; Veterinary Surgeon Lord, Royal Artillery, to the 10th of January; Purveyor's Clerk Blackman, to the 25th1 of January-to remain at Scutari ; on urgent private affairs, to Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. F. Colborne, C.B., AssisLant-Quartermaster-General, to the 29th of Febraary; Cap. tai Viscount ]irk-all, 71st Regiment, to the 31st of January; Quartermaster J. Grahame, 21st Regiment, to the fNth of Febranry. No. 7. Medical boards will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant 11. J. Stokes, 39th Regiment; Lieutenant Roberts, Royal Artillery; Surgeon Gilbourne, E9th Regiment; the principal snedical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 8. Sergeant H. Grimson, 82d Regiment, is appointed Deputy Provost-Marshal, wvith pay!t 4s. 9d. a-day from this date. No. 9. The following are appointed assistants to the Deputy Provost-Marshal of the Cavalry Division:-Nc. 1,308, private W. Burke, 1st Dragoons; No. 994, private P. Donlon, 6th Dragoons, at is. a-day, from the 20bh of December. No. 10. The following soldiers are appointed Clerks in the Assistant-Adjutant-General's-office nt Scetari-.-Set_ geant Charles Beere, 13th Regiment, at 2s. a-day; LanceCorporal l.aught, 79th Regiment, at Is. a-day, from tha 1st of December. By order, C. A. VINDHAI, Chief of the-StafE_ Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 30,1855. No. 1. The Field Marsal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to appoint Lieutenant Lorentz Lorch, 2d Light Dragoons, British German Legion, to be extra Aide-deCamp to Colonel 'Woolridge, commanding 1st Brigade, British German Legion. No. 2. The Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of 'a medical board, to MajorLord Beauclerk, 10th Hussars, to the 5th of February, 1856; and, on private affaiirs, to Lieu. tenant-Colonel Hune, 55th Regiment, to the 14th of January, 1856, and Brevet-Major Green, 30th Regiment, to the 31st of January, 1S56. Nlo. 3. The following promotions in the Land Transport X Corps are made until Her Majestys pleasure is kmnown:_ To be Second Captains-Regimental QuartermasterJohn Jones, Quartermasters of Brigade C. Hutton, J. Youg, g and J. Harris. No. 4. Captain Bon3ett, C.B., Royal Navy, has been appointed principal agent of transports at Balaklava. No. 5. Until further orders fresh meat and bread will be issued to the troops three days in each week, aid salt meat I and biscuit on the remaining four days. No. 6. The undermentioned is struck off the list of interpreters to this armyfrom this date :-Third-cLass Interpreter L. Francopulo. No. 7. Leave of absence is granted, on urgent private affiirs, to Captain J. W. Percy, 9th Regiment; Captain R. I Whitehead, 97th Regiment, to the 29th of February, 185i;. No. 8. The following officers, being in command of companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Lieutenant F. Bonham, 71st R'egiment; Lieutenant J. O(Neiil, 20th Regiment, from the 1st of December. No. 9. Sergeat Charles Hackett, 79th Regiment, is appointed Acting Sergeant-Major at Proti,with additional pay at 6d. a-day from the 19th of December. . No. 10. Sergeants C.. Ford, 50th Regiment, and W. Rovwe, 44th Regiment, [are appointed barrack-sergeants at Scutari, with extra pay of Is. G4. a-day from the 5th of December. No. IL The following soldier is appointed clerk in the Paymaster's-office at Scutari:-Private Bilton, 93dRegi, ment, at Is. a-day, from the 9th of Decemnber. By order, C. A. WINDHBAX, Chief of the StaL I ead-quarter, Sebastopol, Dec. 31,185X. No. L The folloving offiders.have joined the Staff of this army-Commissariat Department-to be established clerks from the lst of December, 1855:-M3r. W. H. Blades, Mr. J. Draper, Mr. A. Ewing, Mr. H. T. Ussher, Mr. *. L. Robertson, and Mr. H. H. Mercer. No. 2 (referring to General Order No. 9, of December 9). Torage will be allowed for the bondfide chargers left for the public service of mounted officers absent from the army. Applications for forage for chargers are to be made on the forms issued from the Adjutant-General's-office. Bit animals of absent officers may receive forage on the following conditions :-A list of the bt animals receiving forage from the public service will be giveuby officers co nmandingregiments to the Assistant-Qssartermaster-Gr-eral. 6f di-isions. These animals will supply the whole or part of thoatrnsporl demanded by each regiment from the Land Transport Corps; the regiment cannot call on the plnblio transport until the whole of these animals have been fairly employed. The bit-horses of absent staff officers for which forage is drawn will be employed under the direction of AssistantQuartermaster-Generals of divisions, who are held responsible that all animals thus receiving pubic foae do their share of duty. No. 3. Colonel Wetherall, hicots Fusileer Guaias, doing the duty of Director-Genera! of Lead Transport, will receive the allowances lately drawn by Colonel 3rXurdo from the 29th of November, 1855 . - . : No. 4. The undermentioned snon-conunlssioned offlcers of the Eoyal Artillery are ap O-a S ornets in the I Tranport Corps, pending Eer MajestWs peasiae s eing known:-Col6ur-Sereant -Jouls S-Weeney, Sergeants-John Wilson, Henry Adams, GeorgeAlexander. No.5 . Medical boards wi assemble to inquire into the tate of health of Captaini John Barlow, aiaepde-cam 14th Regiment; Surgeon Crteker, 1st Battalion, 1st Rin The prifisipal. mediceal oficer wifllbSopleasedto6ive theis~ Oessry directrns - . . . - - -No. 6.. The fotlolvigsergeantu are appoiimtdep& tt-pro vestmarsh4 with pay af 4s. lid. a-day from the 1st of Ja- niiary, 1856. :lour.Sergeaht Thomas. 9Fowler, Grenadier Gaards; Sergeant Williamn PIipe, Coldstrem Gtuards; Ser. geat-John Andnews, 2d Battliois, Rifle Brigade. No. 7. Sergeant Richard Conroy, 49th Regiment, vill act as Quartermaster-Sergeant, at Ears;alenua, with pay at s. a-dAY, Zc Sergent Seale, 95th RIeisnent, from tW date. B oraer 0. A. WNrDxaM, ChiMR of-j ib Sm,
VNIVERMSIY ITELMGENCE. OXORfD XTN 14 In'a Congregation held this day at 10 o'cloclk the following degrees were conferred:- TheRev. Georgell. Tathain, Merton. The Rev. Gerard DMoultrie, Exeter. lIenryB. Inman, Exeter. Tho .enr J. Wiclham (Fello), eNw CoUeNe. The Per. Bichard 1L E. Vix, New-nn EHall. B.A.L James P. Kane, Trinity. Ihil1 Tuldor Cnra, lIlagda en al Tbe Regia Professor of Divinity (Dr. Jacobson) propose3 to begin his lectures for the present term on Thursay, the 31St ssst. They ate open to those who have passed they .casslaation for B.LA. an the Litene Hamaniores SchooL Gentlemen who propose to commence the course oD. the Book of Commnon Prayer are reqaested to attend the firsb lecture at 11 o'elock on the day above named. Those 'ho wish to resume at the point manched in the lectires of last term -will hav the oodness to call on the Professorbetwaeen I and 2 o'clock on thoe same iy Thm y, aDnuar 3L The Regius Irofessor of P-soral- Theology (Dr. Ogilvie) ilteids to beg-in his cerareed lctres of the present term on Tu'nesday, the 29th of January. Such iinbers of the University as are qusiafecl to-become E'cholars in Theology, and are desirous of attending these leeturesi are requases |to call upon the Prsofessor- m. ondayj1Lho 2SttE~ Jenauy, boetreen the hours of &I;di2Uoicloek. - The M£argaret Professe- ok lDivibW (Dr. Hleurtley) proposesto begin a course edleeteres en. the Ci-eed- on Tnes- . ay, the 2Xth of Jan.sua~ Gentle wisL to atben& are requestedtocall on tlie Professes on onday, the 28th mat:, between the 130uof and 1 Tbe loctures ara open. t!o these who have passed the -emxination for the degree oft 33. in the School of litene Heasnores. * CAIBRD GE. J;a. 1l. CLA.RanL. tThi* morning the Rev. Edward: Atkison. B;D:, wa5eltcted Master of Clbre-ha-by ie.v oleso.tlSoub of the 19S Fellows of -which the Sbciet-,; eonsiAt. This is the only occasion in the m3nsery offr bo£ eon -whicAthe FRbuow&ha,f all met togethei, the late Mwter Dr. W413b, having been. elected by the unmimous -rot23-of 13mows poiewnt. Thu warit of uianimiy or. the, present ccasion. 'wasib.. conseqsence of one cfthe oan&i&tes iotsug for hixsclL Mrr.Atldnsoni/ a-highly distin.- 5.ed mamben of ti.. University, havrig been irdAnt o-fist. elxsis of the,GLas, kical Tripos of,I82 and aScuior Olitime of thatyer. Sb. ks for several, years- di_: argoed thi oWce o tutor- to,thei great satisfactben of! tbD Uolliege, aAdi thonumbers.o£ tholf who have no-z rZsu tZbin - ii f of t;e esteena in which he ii hel2 ' S - Johbo Corle A-asw X>q., M.&,> ^lh&a eieu &Seinibx Fellov. of 1sEoi3n4Ebn.' - .The dAth.of X L< Goulbnmalaa; ia -tha Mtpreknta;o, of t.w hoiversly Whib i&Mkc tDo 0&_Na self, or-to be aor1in,wI, to bosome the X rep&Uat1Yit Qc tb^ Univesity, has wk$ot trar.Mired. -r. Golburs, has left _e hin_ iho i;xI* ,ueribera of t 1Aversfy, that sinoer rWa ad suspect ich his l-m -ly- an t naAnentatmus m anners and wles prxiuarbaructeir coold not fal to inape - T:joi* - o * mewbontond to prWeent-theana4vw,&aYhe exammneai- loea- the Pmfootnal CeitsBeste bu " I,il. |Iaio & Jm-ispr'lenoe are requ6stoa to tae aotEco, thiat the eX aitson will bheldonoi:div, Jasuay 28th a.i ha1lpast 9a.s. and&a -1 p.3n. in th 'Seuiate-lIouse. - --
LONDOX, TSDA Y, JANUARY 15, 1856. The counter-propositions of Rmssia well support the reputatione for dexterous diplomacy which she has gained for herself by the almost uniformly successful resiut of so many arduous negotiatious. She is constant to the same leading principle whicl actuated her condcuct at the Conferences of Vienna last year. She seeks now, as then, to sow dissension among her adversaries, but she varies the manner of doing this with reference to the position which each member of the alliance occupies towards her. Last year the principal negotiators were the Western Powers, and Austria seconded their demands feebly and unwillingly. Therefore everything that Austria asked was granted, while the main point demanded by the Western Powers was peremptorily refused. This year Austria appears as the principal in the negotiation, and tLe Western Powers are only drawn in through her intervention. The tactics sxe the same, but their object is reversed. The Western Powers now have all the demands in which they, more immediately representing European interests, may be supposed to- be more immediately concerned, conceded to them, while that particular condition in which Austria is peculiarly and personally interested is refused. The Emperor of RIJsSA willnot hearof losing his hold .on the Danube, or of. engaging not to rebuild his rained fortifications on the Aland slaes. With these two exceptiono, he accepts in the main the terms offered to him. The Western Powers are undouabtedly interested ii all the terms proposed, for those terms tend to place on its true ba3is the future equilibrium of EturopQ; but the Scandinavian Powers are interested in. peventing Rusia from fortifying the Aland lands, ad Austria, in reaxving her fortee from the mouth of the Dsnube, sodewiat gla European Powers, busti xtl ore in their capcy ii individual States~. To Yii2ajaa& idree#awca t stimulus of private inteet is Inown, d they fight and bleed really, as well as professedly, for the sake of the future liberties of Europe. For 'this reason they have been caled Quixotic, and their conduct in thus shedding their blood for the common cause is sneeringly contrasted with that of the Grnans, who have waited with such admirable dexterity till, the fierybelligerents beingw6kieAdb'y their own effiorts, the victory remains niot to the beUigerents; but to those very neutral States themselves. -After all, courage andresolution are worth something, for they have, at any rate, extorted from our overbearing enemy terms which he refuaed to our-rapiwenfaRons wien less decisively backed by success. Russians, in spite of Mfr. CoBDm,- - are like other men, and lea n to respect most, not that eneray who lays up his fleets and disbands his armies, but rather those who hit the hardest and quickest. So far we haverno reason to regret that the Western Powers listen to the impulse of their own courage instead of. the exhoriationa of those blind guides who wonld lead them to believe that the way to be powerful is to be base, and the way to make a glorious peace is to observe a scandalous neutrality,duriug war. It is quite evident that Russia hopes that the Western Powers may feei indisposed to fight any longer for objects which are not primarily their own, and, because they have met with so little support from Sweden or from Austria, are determined to mete out the same measure they have received to their timorous and fainthearted allies. The occasion is, indeed, tempting, -for what can seem so natural as to conclude a peace without reference to Germany and Scandinavia, just as Germany and Scandinavia were ready to do if their demands were satisfied ? Such a course has in it so much of retaliation and- retribution that Russia might reasonably calculate on the passions or the meanness or the Western Powers; but in this, as iD all her other recent experiments on the follies and weakness of maikind, we trust we are destined to be disappointed. Before wo abandon even Austria there are several things which we ought to consider. In the first place, are we quite sure tlhat, after she had succeeded in throwing this apple of discord among the allies, Russia would adhere towhat she promised ? and is it not, on the other hand, only too probable that, once having sown discord among her antagonists, she would cool in the desire for peace8 which she at present professes, and break off the negotiation at once ? We therefore sincerely hope that, although we shall undoubtedly be exposed to the taunt of caaying on the war rather with reference to Austrian and Scaudinavian than to Western or European interests, we shall be true and faithful to the leaguewehave formed, andnot beprevailed upon to modify the terms we have agreed upon, even at thie risk of being reproached for making war for the sake of States which have not as yet dared to make it for their own. This, however, we have a right to ask of our Government and of our allies,-that, as we are about to continue the war much more for their sake than for our own, so they will be content to bear the labour in common with us. After the considerable concessions that have been offered, Austria and Scandinavia camnot expect that we are to continue the war merely for the purpose of saving those interests which they have repeatedly declined to preserve for themselves. We are now in a position, as it would seem, to force upon our allies a manl«.and energetic line of conduct, since they have now no choice between energetic co-operation, acting with us in all things, or being left by us to make what terms they can with the Power that hates them, and will, when England and France are removed, have no reason to abstain from showing its hatred. We are quite convinced that as long as the British Government faithfully adheres to its obligations, and so long as Austria and Scandinavia agree to assist it vigorously in the prosecution of the war, the people of England will freely undergo all necessary sacrifices, and never repine over their toil aind their blood, poured forth like water in defence of a cause which is not immediately their own; but if Austria and Scandinavia, after inducing us to refuse terms because they are not sufficiently favourable to them, shall leave us to fight out a battle by ourselves in which they are principally concerned, we are satisfied that a feeling will arise in this country of bitter discontent at the treatment she receives, and a disposition to terminate immediately a contest in which we should so manifestly be the tools of Powers less generous and less courageous than ourselves. We are now in a position to make a peace tolerably satisfactory to ourselves, but most injurions to Austri. and Scandinavia.- We have the power and the right to stipulate that if we reject this tempting offer we shall be supported heartily in the ensuing war by those Powers to whose interests a peace so obtained would be fatal. Tne turn affairs have taken makes us, if we so please it, masters of the position. We must either make war with Austria and Scandinavia to back us, or peace without them. Any other method of settling the question would be to forego a manifest advantage. Russia meant, undoubtedly, to sever us from our allies, but she has given us the opportunity of uniting the alliance more closely than ever, by using the proposal she has-made to us with a view of promoting disunion and discord as a means of enforcing the most entire unity of action, under penalties of isolation and of danger. I
The America PREsmiT, with a laudable desire to cut short a long debate in the House of Representatives, has not waited for the election of a Speaker, but presented his annual Message at once to the Congress A portion of the American press had long been busy in dictating what the Message ought to be,-that it ought to throw down a challenge to England on every point of existing or possible differences, and that it ought to do so in a manner 'wiich admitted of no adjustment. As far as England is concerned, therefore, we must admit the good sense displayed by the PrssIDENr in promulgating his Message without leaving the ground to be preoccupied in the Congress itself by a mass of adverse criticism. The document, like many of its predecessors, shows the vast difference between the play of diplomacy and a national act. The former, in the New as well as the Old World, is often little better than a game of brag, unworthy of statesmen and of civilized nations; the latter is generally more in accordance with those solemn responsibilities which rulers cannot but feel, however brief their tenure of power. President Pnuwc is evidently no more inclined to plunge the Union into war for any trifle than we are. Of course, we are well aware that it -may be driven to war, even on a point little appreciated or understood by the people at large; and America is equally aware that we also are apt to forget the mercantile or political insignificance of an object when our honour is concerned. There can only be mutual respect between two such nations as the British Empire and the United States of America. But we believe and trust that the- statesmen of both ountries iill leave nothing unione to arrange differences without a ssacrifice of honour en either iide. Here there certainly is not the faintest thought of a wish to extract honour out of Ameiea,' to gsin auillychuclde at h'er expense, and to think ourselves *t all the better because *e can think her the Worse. T1exe I& no such feeling in this Vountzy. Indeed, we w quite eura t+t, eTen if we hd gained au imaginary triumph over our Transatlantic cousins, it would entail its own punishment in the shame we should soon all feel at the folly of the transaction, and the unnatural character of the wrong we had inflicted. . We believe that, on the whole, notwithstanding the frantie -attempts of a few Aimerican writers-gciierally recent-importations from this country-Z -to blow every spark into a flame, andto disgraceEngland, ywith or without honour to the States' Government, the great majority of the enlightened classes in that couxry are not so diqposed, In the Message before us the PrEsIDmNT shows a desire to let nagotiation on the affairs of Central America drag on interminably, - on the speculation that time itself must one day decide it in favour of the United States. Such, at least, is the construction put upon the rImessdge by a journal whi'ch evidently thinks-this the true policy of the Union. It nay or may not prove 'a successful speculation. Undoubtedly, in that part of the world the great probability is that the cause of the States will increase, and that of this country decrease. When there are but few in this country who know what political relation3 we have in Central America, and when, on the other hand, the United States ate evidently pushing in that direction by sea and by land, by. the growth of their commerce and their population, it would be idle to deny that sach a solution as that hoped for is nearer every day. But the speculation is morally unsound, and therefore politically dangerous. It can never 'be an advantage to any State that it should be in a condition to think an outrage an insignificant affair. - The simple fact that "the pear," so to speak, " may be one day ripe," -may tempt the Statei to an act of violence, which may perhaps be warmly resented by this country. A negotiation, to be honest, should be conducted with a view to a settlement. The statesmen of America must recollect that, if they have tos make, as they conceive, a certain impression upon us, they have also to set an example to their own people, and there are few examples so catching as those of public diplomacy. Could General Pmc and his Government succeed in persuading the citizens in the 'Union that they have avoided ajust settlement by dilatory pleas and evasive answers, they will be responsible for corrapting so far the morals of the Union. In one sense, a simple lengthening of negotiation in order to leave a question to the arbitrament of time, to the decay of right and the maturity of wrong, is itself an immorality, and we trust that we shall never be found following the example before us, or sanctioning such a policy in our own statesmen. On the subject of British recruitment in the United States, the PRESIDEN concludes his version of the story with the statement that he had presented a case to our Government in order to secure, not only a cessation of the wrong, but its reparation, and that the subject is still under discussion. It is not denied that the wrong has ceased, and it can hardly even be maintained that it was consummated by the effectual enlistment of a single individual into the British service. The PpEsmrmEr, indeed, alleges that the attempf was obstinately and systematically continued even after the official remonstrance against it; but that could only arise from the utter impossibility' of stopping at once a number of distant and independent proceedings, carried on without quite so much concert and plan as is thought. However, the whole affair was stopped before, as. we have observed, any mischief was done; and, what is more, reparation was macereparation that- would be thought ten times more than sufficient by the dignified courts of the older world. On this side of the Atlantic, when a mistake has been made an apology is offered; andc to reject that apology, and demand some fanciful compensation for the supposed wrong, is always set down to the sensitive jeaiousy of the man - who lias'his character and positioni stil to make. In fact, a. readiness -to accept an apology is here thought quite' as'much the -mark of a gentleman, nay, more' so, than a quickness to resenf an indignity. Every fellow has the latter, but it is - only the gentleman who has the former.. AWe are sure that there is not a 'society of gentlemen- in -Europe who would -not think a sufficient reparation done in this instance, when''the wrong had been stopped even before actual aocomplishment, and its impropriety admitted. - What more President PFEacE requires he 'does not say in his Message, but, ' as the direct bearing of the :IJnited Statesi law on the point is now admitted, and there is no chance of a British enlistment being again attempted in the Uni6n, any further "reparation" demanded by the United States' Govornmeii, must be something more than the vindication of its honour, respect to its neutrality, and obedience to its laws. It is a matter on which we conceive the British Government Will be gaided by precedent. It will deal with the IUnited States as it would with l?rance or any other European Court; and if, notwithstanding, the United States should demand more, the people of this country -will not submit to undeserved and gratuitous humiliation. The Message is written with simplicity and iekarness, and is by no means so lengthy and diffuse asz some of its predecessors. lndeed, it looks as if the FPsmsID had foumd himself at an end sooner than he expected, and had been reduced to append two long discussions on the constitutional theory of governments and the constitutional relation of slavery, in order to make up bulk to the taste of his readers. We shall not enter, for the present, into these or any other topics of the 3Message. We have'only to assure the Americans that the people of this country read these documents with an interest only second to that with which they read an important Ministerial statement in their own Legislature. They are all rejoiced to see the sudden prosperity and immense development of a country which they feel to have come out of themselves. It is no pleasure to them to find documents so flattering to their own natioinal pride marred by the introduction of petty squabbles, the matter and very existence of which are new to most British readers. They have no wish that honour should be lost between the two States, and it will not be their fault if it is.
Is there a private family in this great town without its little familiartrouble, which is ever kept in the back ground, but is yet continually forcing itself into notice? Sometimes one, sometimes both of the heads of the family, are subject to-periodical fits of temper, on which occasions the gentleman retires to his den, and sits majestically sullen among his boots and shaving aparatus; the lady ascends to her bedroom and proclaims herself an invalid. Sometimes it-is that eternal troWblesome "Aunt 'C .JA ' sometimes a horribly vulgar cousin, who will drop in just on the eve of a serious festivity, when the family are making unheard-off efforts to be genteel. It is the scapegrace son in Australia; it is JuILA who bolted early one morning in her leghorn bo4net with Captain ORouniEs, and has continued, t plagt e her friends ever sinco with unavailing regrets. There is the fear that shares will fall still lower-the certainty that Christmas bills will come in stiII higher. In short, there in ever, the Roman poei?s drop of bitterness impregnating the fountainsof delight. Now, just what suggestions of Aunt J4n and poor Ms. O'Rovmu and the Christmas bills are to p&ate families is the thought to collective London that, wlile we are eating our Christmas puddings and dissecting our turkeys, a knot of bold bad men, among whom, we fear, Sir GEORGE GREY and Sir -BENJ HA occupy A prominent .pIace, are actually planning the desecration of St. Jamenss Park. 'Te6prioject of that aboiinzale road which is to bisect tlhe ornamental groands of St. Jamees Park had, as we prematurely and foolishly conceived, been consigned to the limbo of all abortive schemes-to the BALAAx box, already so7wellstuffed with the failures of oiur Adiles. Nat a bit of it. The rogues have dealt with us as an experienced sahnon-fisher deals with a fat salmon on the Spey or Shin' fisheries. 'He hooks his prey, and plays him judiciously. Let the wrotched fish dart straight out, or dive straight down, or flounder and struggle about as it will, the hook is in its jaw, and the application of the landing-net merely a question of time. We,.like the fish, have been allowed to have our fluriy out-we have subsided into a quiet pool, forgetting all the while the presence of the little hook anid the thin line. Sir GEORBE GREr, how-' ever, has a fiami hold of the rod, and sly Sir BENJAw.- is biding his time, landing-net in hand. The project of tlieeroad and of the bridge is not given up. The contrvers of the scheme are as eager as ever, and are quietly watching the opportunity of a Parliamentaxy surprise to cany that scheme into effect. Let the thousands upon thousands of persons who are interested in maintaining this pleasant spot in its present condiation bestir temselves, or nTost assuredly they will awake one .rorning and find the navvies busily engaged in mutilating and dishonouring the Park. The creation of the contemplated nuisance in the heart or London would be a still heavier blow than the enclosure of Hampstead-heath on the north side 'of the town. They are mteasures precisely similar in charuter and effect. They both involve the sacrifice of the comfort and pleasure of the many to the selfishness and interests of the few. 'i Let me build on Hampstead-heath," says Sir Tno-u5 MIAxvoN WrLso-, "contay as such "a stegJ may be to the directions of the will under "which I hold the property, because I shall so "put 'money in my purse." Nor is the language 'on the other side at all different. "Let us 'make a road and a bridge," say the promoters of the design, " in the very centre "of the pleasure grounds in St. James's Park. Never mind what becomes of the unwashed. The importart thing is that not a sound nor a "murmur of traffic shoul3d disturb the ears of the "Court," We are driven to say publicly that which is said privately in every house in London where the subject is discussed. It is not right that the QURB, should be kept in ignoranice of the profound unpopularity 'which will most certainly accrue to all who have advised so iufortunate a scheme. The way the subject has again been brought up is this :-A deputation of gentlemen who are residing in the immediate vicinity of St. Jamee'E Park, and -who are therefore more especiaBy interested in the decision of the question, waited upon Sir BE 'WAI HALL last week tc know "what was doing." Sir BENJAxIn, wha appears at last to understand the real feeling ol the public upon the matter, began by disclaiming all responsibility. He has nothing,, so he told the deputation, to do with the plan-that is, nothing more than the contractor or surveyor who may be employed upon the works. His office is purely ministerial, and his share in the transaction iE confined to rendering a blind obedience to the orders he nay receive from the Home-office. Sir GEORGE GriEr notifies to Sir Bm.TAmw HTATi the fact that he wishes a particular alteration to be made,; Sir Bzj.&r-r, as an e,recutive officer, merely prepares the plans, inl obedience to the orders from above. WVe cannot, however, but think Sir BENJAMIN HALL put the case in a manner mo3t calculated to throw odium upon the Court.- "There are three Parks," said he, " St. James's, Hyde Park, and the "Green Park, which are' the proper-ty of HER "XMA.ESr, and iunder the authority of the "rangers, anid in which I eannot build a lodge or "make or divert a footpath without authoritative "instructions." This was, in other words, to say to the deputation, " St. James's Park is the "Qusx's property, and shall not the Qt'iEE do "what she likes with her own ?" Sir BENJriN is, in our opinion, an injudicious advocate for urging such a point at all. By how much the more the absolute control over the ground is in the Royal hands, just by so much will the people look personally to their SovEpximi forher gracious consideration on a point so essential to their comfort and so deeply involving their ieelings and tastes. If we thought we were urging a point or advocating a measure which could cause one atom or grain of 'perisoal discomfort to the QuBEN- we should be well content to let it rest, and look on in silene while the Court surveyors did their w. 'sst. This, however, is not so. The tenants of Buclinghaim Patlace would no more be annoyed by traffic along the northern and western fringes of the Park than they are a nnoyed at the present moment by the traffic along Birdeage-walk. Let the road be railed out, and planted out in any way they will,-let the inmmediate precincts of the Palace be k;ept inviolate; but, surely, it is too bad to sacrifice these beautifnl gardens and to put the whole town to inconrenience for the sake of- a mere idea, or rether a prejudice. Everybody who knows anything about the matter at all is perfectly aware that the apartments occupied by the QuNduring her few flying visits to London are situated at the baek of the Palace, and overlook the stately garcens which make a country seat of a London residence. The traffic through the Parlk- would really cause no' more inconvenience to the Royal family when they are staying in town than if they were still in the distant wilds of Balmoral, or on the bright slopes of pleasant Osborne, with its smiling sea. The case is to go before Parliaament. Be it so.; since the promoters of this odious project are determined to persevere in it, we know not any other way in which a decision can be taken between the advisers of the Cnowx and the people. The proposition is said to be for a public carriage road which is to be carried over the ornamental water and walks of the enclosiure by a viaduct resting on a series of arches. It is to commence in the Birdcage-walk, at the present entrance from Queensquare, and to strike the opposite side of the Park between Marlborough-louse and St. Jamness Palace. Thus we know at least what we are about, and must now place our tiust in the activity and public spirit of the hon. gentlemen to whom the case will ultimately be referred for decision. The object of the scheme is, after al, but to defer for a few years a change which must ultimately tale place, -namely, the opening to public traffic of St. James6s Park.
COUBT CIRCULAR. WINDSO}R, JAmz. 14. Mhs Royal Highness Prince Albort, accompanied by the Count of Flanders, went out shooting this momning. Sir Charles Wood returned to his residence in ihe Adnmi Talty yestery from a -fist to Viscotmi Palmeriton, a hi, set, Broadlands, Banpshire. Bsrl Grsaville, Lord President of the PniTy Oounci, will giie a Parlianeutaxy dinner to a party of Peers on Wednes; day, the 3Oh ;nt, at sa in~ B-stret .
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, saj .MOning, . - THE PEACE PROPOSALS- -- The ATOrd publishes the following telegraphic despatches:- ":BERn~, ' SUDAY. "The reply to the proposals of which CountValentine Esterhazy was the bearer, addressed from St. Petersburg to Vienna, accepts, in principle, those proposals. C" The Enperial Cabinet of Russia does not introduce therein any modifications of significance. It refuses the territorial cession demanded in Bessa-' rabia; it consents to the exchange of the territories respectively occupied by the belligerents. i"x de Seebach left Berlin yesterday evening en route for Paris." ."BERIaN, SUNDAY EVENDXG. "Count Buol has rejected the counter-proposals of the Imperial Cabinet of Russia without discusEiQn. "At the same time that he made Prince Gortschakoff aware of a probable speedy rapture of diplomatic relations between the Courts of Russia and of Austria, Count Buol notified to the Cabinets of Paris and London that Austria would not take the field ('eetdrerait pas ex ligne) this year." EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris corresponcdent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m -- * Independently of the treaty of the 2&1 of December between England. France, and Austria, there exists, it appears, a convention, memoranduim, or by whatever appellation diplornatic Purists term it, between the Eame Powers, to this effect-First, if within 20 days Russia does not accept the propositions of Austria, this Power will break' off diplomatic relations with her. This condition will, as my letter of yesterday mentioned, have been executed by this. Secondly, relations being broken off, Austria, England, and France will forthwith deliberate and concert measures to force Russia to accept peace on the conditions already agreed on between them, and will intimate the same to the other States of Europe, inviting them to co-operate. And, thirdly, a notification -will be made to Prussia, declaring that she shall not be admitted to future negotiations'of peace, except on condition that she will accept the propositions already adopted by the three Powers, that she will formally announce the same to Russia, and in the event of Russia stil refusing, will break offall diplomatic relations wvith her, and recall her Ambassador. I cannot inform you what measures will be taken with respect to Prassia in case she rcfuse to accept these conditibns, but it is certain that her position will be of the most critical k-ind. Some time since France and England demanded of Denmark to allow their fleets a station, and means of procuring provisions in two of her ports. Demnark positively refused. A note will be transmitted-indeed, T am told it is this day transmitted to the Danish Government on the subject, and in terms not merely energetic, biut menacing-with what effect remains to be seen. The Council of War held a sitting this' day, and another will take place on Thur.day. Two Coinnmissions, one from the navy, the other from the army, are named to draw up a report. Admiral Lyons and General Canrobert are members of one, and Admiral Dundas and General Niel of the other. The discussion was at first of a general kind, and I -am told included the question of withdrawing the army from the Crimea, keeping possession of Eupatoria, aniaiesch, Balaklava, and one or two other points. The question of a campaign in the interior of the southen provinces is said to have been touched on, and the possibility of ascending the rivers, but this was opposed by the Admirals. It appears it wvould take nearly six months to remove the imatfriel. ialludetothisssubjectwithsome diffidence, as from the very nature of the deliberations secrecy must be observed, and implicit confidence can hardly be placed inthereports out of doors. The absence of Mehemed Bey, the Trlkish Ambassador in Paris. from the Council, excites a good deal of surprise, and is not, so far as I know, satisfactorily accounted for. One would suppose that, as the protection- of Turkey is in question, her Ambassador has a claim to a seat in the CounciL It cannot be said that his exclusion from deliberations which so highly interests his country and his Sovereign is attributable to his not being a miltary 'an, seeing that there are members of the Council who are also civilians. At all events Turkey is our ally, and represents in military force at least tan times more than Sardinia. As we can hardly suppose that an offence is meant against the Sultan, there m11ust be some cause for the omission with which I am unacquainted. To-morrow takes place the distribution of the medals by the Duke of Cambridge to the troops who have returned from the Crimea. A review will take place afterwards. In the evening the Emperor and Empress visit the British Embassy. Among the persons presented yeterday at the Imperial Court by the British Ambassador, the most distinguished, in reality, was Commander Palliser, of the Royal Navy, lately promoted from Lieutenant of the Spartan for gallant, conduct in rescuing a French lady frompirates near Hongkong. Among the presentations by the American ninister wsas Mr. and 3MTs. Emmet, the former the grand-nephew of the ENumet who suffered death for his attempt to revolutionize Ireland in 1802. The Emperor yesterday received Baron Hulner, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor of Austria, who presented to His Mfajesty'the reply of the Germanic Diet to the letters of recall of the Mfarquis de Tallenay, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor at Frankfort. Letters from Kertch, of the 28th ult., announce that the enemy, with the exception of a few straggling Cossac;s, had not reappeared in the neighbourhood. The place was in an excellent state of defence, and the garrison fully able to repel any attack. The cold was intense, but the town and troops were abundantly supplied with fuel and all sorts of provisions. The two Greeks who, on the 16th of September last, murdered a gunner of the French brig of war Olivier, were executed at Smyva on the 29th ult. They were conducted imder, a strong military escort to Chaar Han6, where they were decapitated. Their bodies, after remaining exposed for a couple of hours, were removed for interment to the Greek HospitaL That double execution produced a deep impression on the inhabitants of Snyrna, who were beginning to believe that the senteuice would riot be carried into effect. On the lst inst. three other executions took place at Smyrna, the one at the Fassolo, the other at the Three Streets, and the third outside the first bazaar, which are the most frequenteA points of the city. The sufferers were also Grecks.'. They had formed part of the ban(d of Simo, who, last June, arrested and carried off several persons in the. vicinity of Bournabat, and were subsequently convicted of various murders. - A letter fiom Coru, .ofthe 5th, sys-- "tThne screw line-of-battle slMip .the St. Jean d'Acre arrived yeskrday L from &thens, and the Sidon'two days beforeThe miilitia are earring on the duties of thogzsioe.x ceeliigly wel, few regments of the line being siperir in appeeea nAd goo sonduct to'hei,iops ao* quaried here. The cholera, I am happy to say, has quite disappeared, The church accomamodation for the civilians of this plac continues to be e-cceedingly deficient, since the late closing of the chapel attheGovernmenthouse. Thegarrisonchrpel is over-crowded, and the military ar oblied to hsve two services on each Sunday." - -Ietters and jommalsof-the 3dfrom Constantinopli - have beeu received by.the Cannre. The latter it lat publish, the account of the fall of YEas. It commences as folloWS "Everybody knows that the Imperi troops forming the garrison of Rare, fromn the chiefs to the lowest soldiers, - have fully merited the eulogiums .an recomapenses -whilt theirconductindifferentstages of the siege has procur6 them, for they repulsed on different ~occasions attoks: organized -ith much superior means and inteligence Unfortunately, bravery alone could not suffice, and as -th place was invested it was not possible to renew -the provsions, which became exhausted. The moet painU anad cruel privations constrained -the heroic defenders of Ears to seek safety in a capitulation. It must not be forgotten that Krs is neither a place of war nor a fortres. and that its position is not one of great importance ; it has' in fact, only acquired importance by tle- perse-rerance of the enemy in attAcking it, and of dur soldiers in defending it. This defence, -which will always be glorious for the Im. perial troops, has excited univesal admiration. Therepulse of the Russians on the 29th September,. with a loss of 6,500 ldlled, was pirticularly brilliant." The article then takes a retrospective view of the7 siege "The Russians," it says, "presented themselves before the place with 45,000 mep, but, though the garrison was only 20,000 strong, they did not dare to attack it. They, however, invested it, cut of -al means of communication with it, and destroyed or burned the neighbouring villagos, The Porte immediately took measures to send reinfore. ments and stores to Erzeroum, and to make a diversion in the rear of the encmy by Batoum, in order to oblige themto raisethe siege. Delays, however, occurred in the execution of thes plans, especially of the latter, and these delays were caused by the necessity of keeping troops before Sebastopol and on the Danube. At last the Serder Earea (Omar Pasha)proceededlwith'troops hastilycollected linthedirection of Georgia, and Selim Pashawas atthe sanietime sentioorganizeareserveatErzerounm The disembarcation7of thetroops showed the importance of the movement hvhich they -wer charged to effect, for it compelled the Ruissians to make, oni 29thof September, a furious attack on Kars withithe hope of carrying it, so ns to have time to save their rear; lint it was repulsed as above mentioned. It was'expected that, after such a check, the Russians -ould have retired to Georgia; but they learned that famine had commenced in the place and accordingly they drew their lines of investment closer, and with the aid of their cavalry, -which amounted to 14,000 men, destroyed aU the stores in the neighbourhood The new investment then assumed such a serious character that, in spite of all strateg and of the arrangements taken at Erzeroum, supples could not arrive. Li the meantime, in consequence of unforeseen circumstances, -which it was impossible to control, the concentration wiich was to havebeen effected at Batoum was delayed, and the operations destined to save Ears were carried on with such extremmslowness that it was impossible for the garrison of Ears to count on them. Th&rigours of famine and privations of al kinds then came on in all their horror,and it Was imwposnble to hold out any longer. capaitulation was the consequence of all these facts. The defence of Ears wHil not the less be one of the most glorious pages of our history-high and low have all illustrated their names by patriotism which has but few examples even in the history of foreign nations. Thg enemy has gained nothing with the bayonet, and in all the phases of the conflict our arms were always favoured." A letter, remarking on the above account, says:" This document, -which is of considerable length in the original, is very ably drawn -up, and the tenour of it is to shift all blame for the fall of Kars from the Ministry to the shoulders o' Omar Pasha. This personage, whose diversion has been so urnfortate, and -who has now retnmed with all his forces to the point fiomi which he started, has endeavoured to turn aside the storm which threatens Lim by sending his confidant, Colonel Simmons, to Constantinople. The Colonel arrived the day before yesterday, but he was preceded by 24 hours by the President of the Mili. tary Council, Halim Pasha, -who came from Trebizond, 'vhere he instituted a summary investigation. Colonel Simmons sees, however, that it is too late to act at Constantinople, and is accordingly preparing to leave for london in order to cause the Englisli press to support Omnr Pasha. He says that nothing is more simple than his justification, and he undertakes to prove that the responsibility of the fall of Ears rests entirely with the 31inigsry, and principally rwith Itiza Pasha. Ee alleges thatOmar Pasha, in proceeding to Eutais, knew perfectly -well that Ears was about to fall, and that he even expected to receirvs the news of the capitulation before settingout. Colonel Simmons adds that the roads were in srh a state that it -was not possible to send an army of 40,000 men to Frseromn. This assertion is, however, contradicted by the arrival of Sehim Pasha in that town, and by the concentration of troops which the Govermment is efrectiug '.here." The effect produced by what is believed to be the gentle castigation administered to the Senators the other day in the X-onifteur is, as might have been exlpected, of rather a painfulkind. The wound haming been inflicted, the personage who inspired the artile, evidently -wishes to apply asalve, and accordingy the M1inisterial journals tiy their best to smoothe the matter over as well as possible. They go, however, too far when they tell the public that it is nothing more than " a magnificent description of the attri. butes of that distnguished body," "a wise and splendid exhortation, in6iting the first power of the State to profit resolutely by the grand and fruitful attributions bestowed upon it ;" and they are cruel enough to maintain that, like Sir Andrew Aguecheek, the Senate ought to be rather pleaseathan otherwise. The idea of writing an essay, at this moment, on the beauty, power, and sublimity of M. Troplong and his comrades of the Upper Eouse is absurd; but the policy of thus lecturing them in public is questionable. TheEmperor might have remembered the maxim of his uncle - about the propriety of domestic purification in pri. vate, and not expose the shortcomings of that dignified body to the sneers of the faubourgs. The idea ofeither Senate or Legislative Corps pretending to independence, in the proper sense of the term, is too ridiculous, and the members them. selves would be the first to laugh at it. The Senate is literally a sort of Court of Registra. tion to the Deputies. Any one who casts his eye over the promulgation of laws in the Itfonifeus. must observe the sameness of their confrmation by the Senate. The stereotyped formxla is " Le Shiad, te s'oppose pas," &c., and this -in column afte column. The Deputies don't oppose the Govern ment, that is, the Emperor, and the Senate don't oppose the Deputies. Hritherto they have gt -on very well, their movements are not ungraceful on the whole, but to ask a man with his limbs swathed like an Egyptian mummy to imuitate the agility of a Dancing Dervish wouid not be iuore preposterous than to invite the Senators to assume a read initiafive in State matters.-- Malicious people hint that the occupants of the Luxembourg do not spend theit official salary as men of their position ought, and that in this respect, as in anything else, an initiative is desirable. 3%0,0f. a year is not a poor allowance for a man who dozes away on a velvet fastelig for 6 few hours during a few moonths of the year, and is expected to do no more than say Amewa to the resolutions of. the lower body. - It is said that the Senators ale offended at being thus lectured-for a, lecture they consider the article to be. It may be so, -but I have not yet heard that thoy have shown their anger by resigning their places and their allowances. The commercial movernent of Paris, after being extremely active during the first days of the year, has slackened, and the retail trade lis relapsed into stagnation. This is generally the case every year at this season, when business becones dull, and continues sio until the beginning of February.! The manufacturers have also entered the ame phasis. Orders from the interior have been rare for several months, andl fordign coimission ats,-who purchased largely in- November, - have ilncst entirely supended their demnan4;s, owing, no doub4 to the finmncial crisis, -whioh paslyA transactions in several countries of h!urope and in the lUnit-. Stiate The dead saon, which commenoed fot the provincial ninufacturers in the monih of Decenber, usaly is untl -the atnd forwwki -
THE EAST. [The folowing appeared in our second edition of yesterdav .-1 (FROM OUR OWN CORRESrONDENT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, JAN. 3. You learnt by my last letter that according to letters from Erzeroumn Mr. Mlurray, the British 3Minister at Teheran, had left the latter place, having completely broken off his diplomatic relations with the Persian Govermment. Since then I have aseertained that no news of the actual. departure of the BritishMinisterhasbeen received. Thequarrel seems, however, to have come to such a point that the British mission was to have left Teheran on the 5th of last month, and a house had been taken at Trebizonde for the pcrsonnct of the mission. I gave you some time ago an account of this quarrel in the shape it first reached me. It was the Persian version of the story. I have now before me the other side of tite question. According to this the Persian Government first showe& its objection to the appointment of Mirza Hashim by a threat that the man would be seized if he left Teheran to go to Shiraz, the place to which he had been appointed. Before time had been allowed for proper consideration on this point the Persian Government seized and imprisoned the man7a wife, and threatened her with being violently divorced from her husband should he not renounce the British service. According to treaty, or at any rate usage, the families of natives employed by foreign missions are under the protection of the latter, so that Mr. M1urray remonstrated against this violation of an old-established rile, and, demianding the woman's restitution to her husband, allowevd the Persian Governuent 48 hours to do it; afterwards ho extended this period to twice 48 hours, in vwhich the Persian Government had to decido whether it would comply with hig demand or compel him to suspend his diplomatic relations -with the Persian Court. No overtures having been made, this latter event took place on the 20th of November. Since then the Persians are said to have addressed to MIr. Murray several mnost offensive letters, and to have propagated gross calumnies imputing to the British MIinister personal motives for protecting the wife of his Persiarn employe. He has nowv demanded satisfaction for this double insil-t offered to him in his private and public capacity, and unless this satisfaction were granted he was to leave Teheran on the 5th of December. Which' of the two reports is the most impartial is a question rather difficuilt to decide at present, when nothing except the statement of both parties has reached us; one thing seems to be clear, that the position of the British mission at Teheran cannot have been satisfactory, if such a trifling cause in the first instance as the employment in a subordinate situation of a native led to such serious complications. Halim Pasha, the President of the liftary Council of the Imperial Guard, has retiurned from Batoum, wherelie had been sent ona special mission relating to the affairs of Anatolia. The result of his inquiries is not known, but the rumour spreads that Omar Pasha willbe recalled. It, however, seems probable tlhat this rtimour is based on that tacit feelng of dissatisfaction which points him ouit as one of the causes of the fall of Ears, rather than on any positive resolution of the Turkish Government in this respect. As I told you about a week ago, in thelwar Councils held aboutthe Ears business no blame was expressed directly against Omar Pasha, but another plan of campaign has been adopted, which implies blame. The Journal de Constantinople of this day contains the official report of the defence and fall of Kars, published in the Turkish official paper. It is as vague a document as any ever written by a Turkish Kiatib; if it is to be believed it must be rkisezt (fate) and (under its auspices) the allied Powers to whom the fal of Ears is to be attribuited. After paying a well-earned tribute to the bravery of the garrison, this document says, "IJnfortunately, bravery alone was not sufficient, and, as the place was invested, it was not possible to throw in provisions." Then it pretends to give a short i'esumh of the siege, and exposes all the goodintentionswhich were entertained for the relief of Kars; how, as soon as the Porte heard of the state of the garrison, it took imUmediate measir es to send reinforcements and material to Erzeroum, and how it ordered the diversion by Batoun as the most effectiaal means to attract the forces of the enemy and relieve the town. " Such," the document proceeds,- "Were at =sI the dispositions ta7ken by the Councils of War held at Constantinople. -unfortnuately, the views of the TuLrkish Government could not be carried out; the Imperial troops being encamped around Sebastopol, and the great events which have signalized the Iast period of the campaign, Which endei in the fall of Sebastopol, having not yet taken place, it was impossible for us to send our forces from there to Asia. On the other hand, in order not to diminish the poltical importance of our presence on the Danwbe, we could not take troops from the army in the interior. Thus thetime passed until the SirdarBkrem (Omar Pasha) went in all haste in the direction of Georgia, at the same time that Selim Pasha was sent to organize a reserve in ErZeromnL.
ATrnnIPD ROBBEBRY.-Early on Sunday morning the mill of Messrs. G. Crowther and Co. of Churwell, near Leeds, was broken intoby six men, and an attempt was made to remove about 250!. worth of cloth, but was preventeal after a serious conflict, in which two or three of the men on each side were more or less injured. Sive of the thieves, named VilliamCain, of Manchester; John Briggs, labourer, Armley, near Leeds; James Marsden, mason, Armley; John Pickard, a returned convict ; and David Steel, a cartman in the employof Messrs. Crowther, were apprehended. Itappears that in consequence of information and of the numerous robberies that have taken place in this neighbourhood during the winter, John Holrod and Lupton, constables of Morley; Samuel Hurst, David Lofthouse, George Richardson, and JosephCrowtherwere setto watch thepremises onSaturday night. Abont ten minutes to 6 o'cloce on Sunday moring the private watchman locked the watchbouse door, andthen went home. The constables and their assistants took up a position in a shed near, from which they had a view of the whole of the worls. Inunediately afterwards theysaw the prsoners and a si:xih man go to the mill door, which they opened with a skeleton key and entered. They were observed to go into the second story, and commence removing some ends of cloth to the lower room, and after removing several ends in this manner Steel came out wsith some cloth upon his shoulder, when the watchers rashed towards him, and at the same time one of the thieves fired a pistoL Marsden, Briggs, and the man not in custody followed Steel, and the parties closed upon each other, and a desperate struggle took place. The constables were knocked down several times, and had to use their stares very freely before they were able to overcome the resistance oflered, the principal part of the contest being between Marsden, a tall, muscular fellow, and the two constables; anditwasnotuntilMarsdenwasdisabledtbathe was secured. During the struggleone of the robbers eccaped, and Steel attemfted to follow, when he was shot in the nght thiush, jUt be ow the hip. In the meantiie Cain and Piekard were locked in the mill, and after their accomplices had been secured they surrendered without -offering any opposition. It was then discovered that 27 ends of cloth had been removed to the lower story. Steel ws found to have sustained sich inunries as to necessitate his immediate removal to the Leeds Infiemary, where he now lies in a precarious, state.- Mfarsden was also very much battered, and Richxrd,-onieof the watchers, much injured. Upon the prisoners and the -premises were found Ui skeleton keys. The prisoners were yesterday taken before the Rev. J. A. hodes, West Riding mgiste, at Lea4 and were reranded until Monday next. S04e of the risoners are wellknown characters, anc the aheeM with e eveepou of Steel, wholr been three yeas in the service ofmo Crowt ar,.aze idle, dissolute fellows.
THEE RUSSIAN REPLY. The following appeared yesterday in the Morninr Post:- . . ..... . " We can state with confidencethattho Russian reply to the Austaia,n uUtinanul has been.reoeived&at Vienna..- "Russia rejects the second clause of the first proposalviz., the ' rectification of herfrontier with Turkey.' " She-also rejects the fifth proposal, by which a right of producing special conditions is reserved to the belligerent 1vowers,..and in virtue of which they would demand t&e engagement not to rebuild Bomarsand. " Russia accepts the rest of the ,6imantm, including the neutralization of the Black Sea, with some modifications. "In exchange for the strong places and territories ocenpied lby tho dles, Russia proposes to restore to the Forte Kars and the territories she has won from Turkey in Asia in the last campaign. " We have reason to believe that Austris keeps her faith with us, and wiiU not receive this counter-proposition. " Austri, however, gives the Cabinet of St. Petersburg the benefit of the time sho had already allowed, and therefore Russia has till the lSth inst. to notify to Count Esterhazy her acceptance or rejection, without conditions, of the Austrian ultimntu,m. "If Russia refuse, or if at that date she has not accepted the Austrian dtimatum 'pur et simpk,' Count Esterhazy has instructions to withdraw from St. Petersburg."
MR. COBDEN ON THE WAR. l TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-In the pamnphlet which MIr. Cobden has Just put forth he repeats, and apparently with a feeling of triumph, the substance of an observation which he made in Parliament last session, that the operations of the allied squadron in -the Sea of Azoff would have no influence whatever on the fate of the Russian -arinies. If all that he means by this opinion is that there is no amount of suffering which the Czar will shrink from inflicting on his own people for the purpose of prcserving the military occupation of the Crimea, he is very likely indeedito be right. The first effect of thedestructionof storesinthe Sea of AzofF was a degree of panic on the part of the enemy, and perhaps an undue amount of exultation on that of the allies. But very soon after the continental papers in the interest of the Czar began to rally their dispirited partisans, by the assurance that measures hlad been taken in anticipation of the pessibility of such a blow, and that no fears need be entertained for the transmission of supplies to the army. WVhat these measures were soon appeared. Accounts came of troubles in the Ukraine, and of clouds of Cossacks employed in sweeping that country, as well as the governments of Ekaterinoslav and Cherson, of all the means of transport on which they could lay their hands. By these stringent means it is not' unnatural to suppose that, at least for a time, the effect of the destruction of stores in the Sea of Azoff was neutralized. That the desire for supplies from that quarter, however, did not cease is evident fiom the enormous collection of corm, hay, and straw laid up ready for transmission in the winter, -and destroyed by Captain Osborne, at Gheisk; and that the desire for such conmnodities should exist without the necessity for them is a paradox which I should imagine even MIr. Cobden would hesitate to adopt. Let us give an energetic enemy his due. He has, no doubt, up to the present moment, gained his object and maitained his position-at the cost of how much wretchedness to -his own unhappy people probably the world will never entirely knew. Of two thing.s, however., it has been informed; the one that there was a time in the sumlmer when provisions had. risen to many times their former prices at Srmnpheropol; and the other, that from a levy of 10 in every 1,000 souls ordered throughout the whole Russian empire in October last, a special exemption was made in favour of the governments of Taurida, Cherson, Ekaterinoslav, Charkoff, Tschermigofl, and Pultowa,-in other words, of that area which would have been pillaged and swept of its cattle, carts, and drivers by the purveyors for the anrmy at Sebastopol The only other government exempted fromthe ukaseordering this levy is Pskow, which, in a similar manner, seems to have ministered to the exigencies of the army of the Baltic. Air. Cobden enlarges upon the facility for internal traffic which exists in Russia, to an extent, ho imagines, which will enable that country to bear with comparatively little inconvenience the blockade of her ports:- "The great dishnces to whichheavy commocities can be moved by land carriage, and the extreme lowness of the charge, would be incredible, unless all the circumstances of the cheapness af labour, the abundance of oxen and horses, and the facilities for free pastnrage on the steppes at particular seasons were taken into account." It is scarcely fair to withhold from us what this extreme " lowness" of charge is, while yet the waiter describes it in one instance which particularly impressed him as something " incredible." Donus latet in gesewralibu.s. Let us see, however, what M. Tengoborski, whom Mr. Cobden treats with deserved respect, will teach us on this score. The carriage of refined sugar from Kiew (the centre of the manufacture) to the fair of Nijni-Novgorod cost in 1849, he tells us, a rouble the pood-that is, something more than a- penny the pound avoirdupois. Elsewhere he eajisnates the average cost of transport throughout European Russia at one copeck per pood for every ten verses, or 3S. per ton for every mile. In our land of railroads such a charge would certainly not be thought "incredibly low." And this, it should not be forgotten, was the average cost of transport in a normal state of things, a time of peace. What it is likely to become in those parts of Rtussia vwhich are under military law and liable to the requisitions incident to thatcondition I leave the intelligent reader to imagine. Let no admirers of Mlr. Cobden's pamphlet carry away the impression that the cheapness or dearness of internal transport is a matter of indifference to the Russian peasant. A very large portion of the country is dependent upon other portions for the supply of the prinme necessaries of life-con and salt. Every team of oxen that is taken for the.use of the army is not only a tax upon cultivation, but a tax upon the -means of distributing these. To retain the conviction that mnBxitime successes which have led to such a result can have no influence what. ever, upon the fateof an army (which must be maintained at such a cost or abandon its position) in any other sense than has been hinted will appear to most persona p roof of a tenacity of purpose more laudlable in a Russian officer than an E nglish statesman. I am. Sir. VoUr onehio.nt gran.+ AH1,ERTFORDSHTF INdU1tBEN. Jau. 14.
A PAsXE PRAY B snsGA sT s RUssr& s.-A singular circumstance attended the thanksgiving at Bombay desired by the Governor-General for our successes in the Crimea On the 2d of December, the day fued upon, the Parsees of their own accord met in the Town-hall to listen to a lecture on the freedom and blessings of the British government, contrasted with the tynny and oppressicn of Ruda, drawn up and delivered by one of their comntrymen-Dossabhoy Framjee. Thelecturebeingconcluded, the service of the day was wound up by the following prayer, not only remarkable for its own excellence and appropriateness, but doubly so as one of the first ever delivered by a layman in public, and in the ordinary conversational lang2age of the hearers, the Parsee worship being conducted, and their sacred books being vritten, wholly in an unknown tongue, unintelligible to the worshippers, and very imperfectly understood by the great body of the priesthood themselves:-" 0 Almighty God, let Thy shadow always fall wherever the British rule exists. Grant it, 0 God, ruccess in all its undertakings. Vanquish by the aid of Thy powerful hand.s all its enemies, and grmnt that its greatness may still rise and its moral effects be spread over a stll greater portion of the world. Receive our humble acknowledgments, O Lord, for having placed us under such a beneficent rule, and we pray to Thee to preserveusunderit. Grat, 0 Heaven, that the Government over our head be actuated in ruling over us with still gteateridndness, and its effects be spread still wider. .0 Almighty protector, preserve for ever secure our lives and properties, as they now are-and grant that the security may be still more strengthened. Bestow, 0 lord, a stDI more merciful heart to the Queen who rei over us. We pray to Thee, 0 Almighty God, to bless her armies with success in the great war m which they are now engaged, and bring to a speedy end the great strife, by p.anting victory to those who have gone to shed their blood lathe right cause. Grant, 0 gracious God, that we may continude to live as we now do, with perriet security to ourselves, under the Government in-which.wewnow are, and that we may ever be improssed with a grateful sense of the advantages which we euJo underthis benign reign. Amen." BxRxs=z Run", R oLi -An adjourned uarter sessions of the oonnty of Berke was held yeay at the Town-hal Retding, for the purpose of electing the c-hief offioer-L the new police force. After. a preliminary7 discusion, the .wne5 of four cndidates *were submitted to F e ehowesE, qel Frse , -adCpai a, Of t;hese. gentlemen, ClonelYraser obwined 4, and Captin Hall m1vtes -t e otertw-bin left far in the rear. Colone Frse aatleefoe elae to be del . :e
AMERICA. THE PRESIDENT'S AESSAGE. LIVERPOOL, MONDAY.. -ThePoyai lMailsteamshipAsiaarrivedto-day, with advices from Boston to the 2d inst., and telegraphic accounts, rti Halifax, from NewYork to the evening of the 3d inst. She arrived off the port at an early 'hour this morning, but, owing to a want of water on th'e bar, her despatches were-transferred to a steamtug and landed at half-pwat 11. The Asa brought no srpecie. On the 6th inst., in lat. 46 N., long. 51 W., the Asia boarded the schooner Sarah, of Halifax, disinasted and in a sinking state, and took off the crew, consisting of the captain and five men. Onthe 11th inlSt., at midnight, the Asia exchanged signals with the Africa, hence for Newv York, and also on the 13th? at 6 p.m., offFastat, wvith the YUnited States steamer Baltic, hence. he UJnited States mail steamship Pacific arrived at New York on the 28th ult. from this port. Tnathe Senate, on the 31st ult, t}ie annual Message from the President was received. He stated that he lmd delayed it in oonseluence of the non-organization of the House, but that his convictions of duty would not permit him to delay any longer giVing to Congress information on the state of the tunion, and recommending such nieasures as he judged to be necessary or expedient. The Message was as follows:- "F ellow-Citizens of the Senate and of the House of Representatives,-The constitution of the United States provides that Congress shell assemble annually on the first Monday of December, and it has been usual for the President to rake no communication of a public character to the Senate and House of Representatives until advised of their readiness to receive it. I have deferred to this usage intil the close of 'the first month of the session, S?at my convictions of duty will not permit me longer to postpone the discharge of the obligation enjoined by the constitution upon the President, Ito give to thc Congress infonnation of the nsate' of the Union, and recormnend to their consideration such measures as ho sball judge necessary and expedicnt.' " It is matter of ccngratulation that the Republic is tranquilly advancing in a career of prosperity and peace. " FoBnoxS RELATIONS.-CENTZTA A.T!RiCA. "While relations of amity continue to exist between the United States and all foreign Powers, with soin ef thema grave questions are depending, which mnay require the consideration of Congress. " Of such questions the most important is that which has arisen out of the negotiations with Great Britain in reference to Central America. " By the convention concluded between the two Governments on the 19th of Akpril, 1850, both parties covenanted that 'neither will ever' ' occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion over, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mlosquito Coast, or any part of Central America.' " It was the undoubted understanding of the United States in making this treaty that aU the present States of the forner Republic of Central America, and the entire territory of cach, would thenceforth enjoy complete independence; and that both contracting parties engaged equally, amd to the same extent, for the present and for the future; that if either then had any claimn of right in Central America, such claim, and aU occupationi or authority under it, were unreservedly relnquished by the stipulations of the convention; and that no dominion was thereafter to be exercised or assumed in any part of Central America by Great Britain or the United States. " This Govrerment consented to restrictions in regard to a region of country wherein we had specific and peculiar interests, only upon the conviction that the like restrictions were in the same sense obligatory on Great Britain. But for this understandingof the force and effect of the convention it would never have been concluded by us. "So clear was this understanding on the part of the United States, that in correspondence contemporaneous with tho ratification of the convention it was distinctly expressed that the mutual covenants of non-occupation 'were not intended to apply to the British establishment at the Belize. This qualification is to be ascribed to the fact, tllat, in virtue of successive treaties -with previous sovereigns of the country, Great Britain had obtained a concession of the right to cut mahogany or dyewoods at the Belize, but with positive exclusion of all donuain or sovereignty; and thus it confirms the natural construction and understood import of the treaty as to- all the rest of the region to which the stipuilations applied. " It, however, became apparent at an early day after entering upon the discharge of my present fnuctions that Great Britain still continued in the exercise of assertion of large authority in all that part of Central America commonly called the Mosquito Coast, and covering the entire length of the State of Nicarsqua, and a part of Costa Rica; that she regarded the Belize as her absolute domain, and was gradually extending its limits at the expense of the State of Honduras; and that she had fornially colonized a considerable insular group knownv as the Bay Islands, and belonging, of right, to that State. "All these acts or pretensions of Great Britain being contrarY to the rights of the States of Central America, and to the manifest tenour of her stipulations with the United States, as understood by this Governsuent, have been made the subject of negotiation through the American Minister in London. I trausmit herewith the instructions to him on the subject, and the correspondence between him and the British Secretary for Foreign A firs by which you will perceive that the two Governments difler widely and irreconcilably as to the coustTuction- of the convention, and its effect on their respective rclations to Central America. "Great Bntem so construes the convention as to maintain unchanged aU hernrevions pretensious over the rMosquito- Coast, and in diffrent parts of Central America hllese pretensions, as to the Mosquito Coast, are founded on the assmption of political relations between Great Britain and the remnant of a tribe of Indians on that coast, entered into at a time wnen the whole country was a colonial possession of Spain. -It cannot be successfully controverted that, by the public law of Europe and America, no possible act of such Indians or their predecessors could confer on Great Britain any political rihts. "Great Britain does not allege the assent of Spain as the origin of her claims on the Mosquito Coast. She has, on the con"trar, by repeated and successive treaties, renonnced and rehnqmshed all pretensions of her own, and recognized the full and sovereign rights of Spain in the most unequivocal tersns. Yet these pretensions, so without solid foundation in the beginning, and thus repeatedly abjured, -were, at a recept period, revived by Great Britan against the Cenitral American States, the legitimate successors to all the ancient jurisdiction of lpain in that region. Thley were frst applied only to a defined pa.rt of the coast of Nicarag4ua, afterwvards to the whole of its Atlantic coast, and, lastly, to) a pcart of the coast of Costs Rica; and they a3re now rtasserted to this extent, notwithstanding engagements to the Uinited " On the eastern coast of Nicaragua and Costa Rica theinterference of Great Britain, though exerted at one timc in the formof nmilitary occupation of the port of San Juan del Norte, then in the peaceful possession of the appropriate authorities of the Central American States, is now presented byher!as the rightful exercise of a protectorship over the Mosquitotribe of Indians. "But the, establishment at the Belize, now reaching far beyond its treaty limoits into the State of Honduras, and that of the Bay Islands, appertaining of right to the same State, are as distinctly colonial governments as those of Jamaica or Canada, and therefore contrary to the very letter as well asthespirit Of thseconventionwvith theU7nited States, as it was at the time of ratification, and now is, understood by this Government. " The interpretation which the British Government, thus in assertion and act, persists in ascribing to the convention, entirely changesits character. WhiIe it holds us to all our obligations, it in a great measure releases Great Britainfrom those which constituted the consideration of this Governsnent for entering into the convention. It is impossible% in myjudgmeut, for the United States to acquiesce in such a construction of the respective relations of the two Governments to Central America. " To a renewed eallby this Government upon Great Britain to abide by, anid carry into effect, the stipulations of the convention aecordin$ to its obvious import, by withdrawing from the possession or colonization of portions of the Central Amcrican States of Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa lica, the British Govermnent has at length replied, affirmiung that the operation of the treaty is orospective only, and did not require Great Britain to abancon or contract any possessions held by her in Cenral America at the date of its conclusion. " This reply substitutes a partial issue in the pl7ace of the greneral one presented by the United Siates. The British Gsovernment passe.s -over the question of the rights of Great Britain, real or supposed, in Central1 America and zssun7es that she had such rihts at the date of thes treat-y, and that th?se riats W comprelended the protectorship of the ifo- quito Inians the extended jurisdiction andi limits of the I Beliz, and the colonir of the Bay islands, and thereupon proceeds by impier ton to infer that if the stipulations of te tretyb merely future in effect, Great Britain may stfil ontinue told the contesrte portions of Central America. TheUnited States cannot admid t either the inferenee or the reie.We s teadily deny that at the date of the treaty. Great Bitai ad an ossesos thlerec other thaLn the limited and peculiar estblishent at the Belize, and maintamthatif she had any they Were surrendered bythe convention. "This Govemeint, recognizing the obligations of. the treaY, has, Of course, desired to ace it executed in goodl 'faith by both-Parties, amnd. in the 'discussion therefore baa not looked to rights, which we might assert inidependently of thm treaty, iui consiaerati.m of oui geographical position and of other eircmistasiceg which createi formus relations to the Centra Ameican States differeiit from these of any Government'of Purone. :T he -,ritish Gover t ii lsto, although'welilmaswingthe'viewso~f thUntdtessil declares that it sees no reason why acciltoysitma not enaLble !the twpo Governments, to vroealosas Asnredof hc~orrctieesof h.s~i6iitdcifn1 the solvei to insist on the rights of the United States, yet actuated also by the samc desire which is avowred by. the Brtish Goiermnent to remove all causes of serious M-. understanding between two nations associated by to many ties of interest and kindrei, it has appeared to mne proper not to consider an amicable solution of the coutrovetsy nh is;-iowever, i.iaaon ti app chnd`tallt,'witi Great BcitkLin inkO the tua oc~cupation of the disuted lterritories,and the-treatyvtherefore p-ratically null so faraa regrdsour rights,1 iterij tionjl difficulty cannotlongre-' inanndetrmied 'ithut ivolin~~inLerious danger thbe friendly relations which it is the inteost as well as the du1ty of bth ounriesto hersh ad peseve.It wrill afford MO sinere~raiiatin i fuur efort shllremilt in the Suecant,e tated heretofore with more confidence thari the castef e G permits me now- to entertain. "RECaun xr. "One other subject of 'discussion' betw ecn the United States and GreAtB3ritain has grown out of thL rttempt wichtheec 'encies of the 'sr in Whichshe is engaged 21th =Russiainditced her to mae to drav; recruits from the United States " It is the traditional and settled policy of the United States to maintain impartial ncutrality during the vwars which from time to tinme occur amioong the great Powers of the world. Perforuing all the duties of neutrality towards the respective belligerent States, we may reasonably expect them not to interfere with our lawful enjoyment of its benefits. Notwithstanding the exi.tence of such hostilities, our citizens retain the indlvidual right to continue all their accustomed pursuits, by land or by sea, at home or abroad, subject only to such restrictions idi tbis relation as the laws of war, the usage of nations, or specialtreaties may impose- and it is our sovereign right that our territory and jundiotion shall not be invaded by either of thebelligerent parties, for the transit of their armies, the operations of their fleets, the levy of troops for their service, thefittin out of cruisers by or against either, or any other act or incident of war. And these undeniable -rights of neutrality-, individual andt national, the UInited States waill under no circumstnnces surrender. "In pursuance of this policy, the laws of theIgnited States do not forbid their citizens to sell to either of the beligerent Powvers articles coatraband of war, or to take mnutions of war or soldiers on boaTd their private F)iips for - transportatiou; and 2lthough, in so doing, the individual citizen exposes Is property or person to some of the hazards of war, his ncts do not involve -any-breach -of national neutrality, nor of themselves implicate the: Governmeut. Thus, during the progress of the present war in Europe our citizens have, without national responsibilv therefore, sold gunpowder and asms to all buyers, reg ess of the cetination of th&oecarticles. Our nerchantmen havebeen, ana still eontinue to be, largely employed by Great Britan and by Fiance in transportingtroops, provisions, andmusini tions of war to the principal seat of military operstions, and inbringing home -the sickand wvoinded soldiers; but slieh use of oiur mercantile marine is no' interdicted either by the international, or by or rnunicipal la, - and therefore does not compromise our neutral relations with ussia. - " But our municipsllaw, in accordance with the law of I nations, peremptorily forbids, not only foreigners but our own citizens, to fit out, within the lmits of the United States, a vessel to commit hostihitics against any State vith which the United States are at peace, or to increase the force of any foreign armed vessel intended for such hostilities against a frienldly State. "Whatever concern nsay hare been felt by either of the bellgerent Powers lest private armed cruisers or other vessc.s in the service of one miignt be fitted out in the ports of this country to depredate con the property of the other, all such fearshbave provcd to be utterly groundless. Our citizens have been withheld from any such act or parpose by good faith, and by respect for the Law. " Whilc the laws of the Union are thus peremptory in their prohibitioni of the equipment or armament of belligerent cruisers in ourports, they provide no' less absolutely that no person shall, within the territory or jurdiction of the United State,o cnlist, or enter himself, or hire or retain another person to enlist orenterhinsef, or to go beyond the limits ofjurisdiction of the United States with intent to be enlisted or entered in the service of anv foreign State, either as a soldier or as a marinc, or seaman on board of any vessel of war, letter of mnarque, or privateer. And these enactments are also in strict confonnitv with the law of nations, which declares that no Statehas the right to raise troors for land cr sea service in another State without its consent, and that, whether forbidden by the municipal law or not, the very attemipt to do it without such consent is an attack on the national sovereignty. "Such being the public rights and the muicipal law of the United.States, no solicitude on the subject was entertained by this Government when, a year sincc, the British Parliament rassed an act to provide for the enlistment of foreigners in the military service of GreatBritain. Nothing on the faccof thc actorin its publichistoryindicatedthatthe British Govermuent proposed to attemptrecruitment in the United States; nor did it ever give intiimation of such intention to this Governinent. It vwas- matter of surprise, therefore, to flnd .subsequenitly that the engagewent of persons within thc United States to proceed to Halifax, in the British province of l.ova Scotia, and therm enlist in the service of Great Britain, was going en extensively, with little or no dicsguise. Ordinary legal steps wrere immuediately taken to arrest and punish parties concerned, and 0o put an end to acts infringang the mnunicipal law and derogatory to ourIsovereignty. ueanwhilesuitadble representuations on subpct were addre£sed to the British Government. "Thereupon it becime knowin, by tihe admission of the British Gofiermnmet itsele, that the attempt to draw reeuits from this Country oriegnted with it, or at les&t bad Is approval antd sanctio; het it alsoqapupedaed thatlthe public agents engsed in it had ' stringent mstrucl:ions' not: to violate the murcipal law of the United States.s - "iIt is dioicult to understand how it should have been supposed that troops could be raised hero by Great Britaia without violation ol the municipal Law. Theunmistakeable obect of the law W_S to prevent every such act, le hich, if performed, und s theeherinvioLationa of the law, or instudied evasion of iitis and,in cither alternative, the act done would be alS;e injurious to the sovereignty of the United States. n In the nmeantimne, the matter acquired additional ima- cortincc by the recruoitments in the United States noto - bempg discontinued, and the dicelosure of the fact that they were prorecuted upon a systematic plan devised by offlciii authority; that rcieru rendezvous had been opened in our principal cities and depots for th mcntion of bei establihed on our frontier; and the wholepied iness conducted under thc sulpervision and by the regrular eo-ooerntion of Britishi ooficrs, civil e nd silita, some in the S orth American provinces, and see in the anited States. Theo complicity of these of icers in an undertakeng which coul only be accompldshed by defying our laws, throwing supwicion over our attitude of neutrality, and disregblding our teritorial righlts, is conclusively proved by the evidence elicited on the triial of such of thir agents as have been appreIended and conivicted. Semn of the officers thus impCted are of high ofiicial position, and many of them beyond our jmisdiction, so that legol proceedngs corild not reach the source of the mischief. " Theme considerations, and the fact that the cause of complaint was not a mere casual occurrence, but a deli rate design, entered upon with full knowledge of our lines and national poheo , and condunctaby responsiblepuWc functionaries, impelledmc to present the case to the British Government, hut in order to secure. not only a cessation of thewrong,but its reparation.. The subject isestilunder discussion, the result of wihich ivillbe communicated to you in duetimne. "I repeat tcse recommendation submicted to the ladCongress, thae rrovision he made for the appointment of s- commissioner, an counexion wvith Great Britain, to survey and establsh the boundary line which divides the territory of Washington frointhe coniguou,s British possessions. By rea'on of the etent and importance of the countryvin dis-- puts, there has been imminent danger of collision between the suabjects of treat Britain and the citizens of the United States, includig their reective authorities in that quarler The prospect of a speedy arrangement had contribuitedhitherto toinduce on both sides forbearance to assert by force what ea claim as ea right. Dontinuance of delay on the part of the iteo Governments to act in the matter il increase the dangers and dificulties of the controversy. " Idisunderstandings exist as to the extent,- character, and value of the possessory rightsof the Hudson's Boay ompanyt and the property of th:e Puget's Sounmd Arricnltural ('ompany, reserved in outr treaty with Sreat Britamn relatrvet& the territory of Oregon. I have reason to believe thas a cession of the rights of both compaiiiesto the United Stat.es, 'which wiould be the readiest means of terminating all questions, can bc obtained on reasonable terms;- and, with a view to this end? I present the subject to the attention of Congress. " The colony of Necwfoundland, having enacted the lawss required by Aiictreaty o' the 5th of June, IS54,'is now placed on the same footing in respect to commercial inter-- course with the United States as the other Brittish North American provinces. " The commnission wvhich that treaty contemnplated for determiningthe rights of fishery in rivers and mouthsof rivera on th coasts of the United States and the British North American pro0vincoes has been organized, and has commenced its labours, to complete wnhich there is 'seeded further appropriations for the service of another season.. " In pursua.n ce of the authority co nferred by a resolution of the Senate ef the United Stat.es, passed on the 3d of Ifareb last, notice was given to Denmnark on the 14th day of Apnil of th.e initention of this Governmnent to avai :itself ef the stipulation of the su,bsisting convention of friendship, commerce, and navigation betwecen that kingdAom and the Uniuted States, whereby either partg mi,ghnt, after ten. years, terminate the samec atthe excpiration of one year frour, the date of notice for that purpore. "'Theceonsiderations wvhich led me to call the attention of Congress to that convention, and induced the Sente to adopt the resolution referred to, still continue in full force. The convention contains an article -which, although it does not directly engago the United States to submit to tlhe imnposition of tolls on the vessels and cargoes of Americans passing into or from the Baltic Sea, during the continuance of the treaty, yet may, by possibility, be construed as impClhing such subnission. The exact-ion of those tolls not ing justified by any principle of international law, it became the right and the duty of the United States to relieve themselves from the implcltion of engagement on the subiect, so as to be perfecl'y free to act in the premses in such way as their public interests and hosioioiu shall demmd. "'I remain of the opinion that the United States ought; not to subnit to the payment of the Sound dues, not o< - much because of theiramount, which is a secondary matter, but because it is in effect the recognition of the right of )enmark to treat one of the grcatmaritime lighways of natifon as a cose sea, and the navigation of it- as a privileg6 for which tribute mhy be imposed upon those who may have oceasion touseit ci i --..X"Thii Govermet; on former -occamon not -n Uui present, signalizea its determinationtomintainhe freedomn of the teas and of the feat miatural channels of navigation. TheBarbsry Statesa fo longtime coereedthe-oyment of tribute Mrons all ationswhose ships frequantedthe M.edi- terranean. To the -lat demand'of suchpaymesnt oiveby theni the United tates, although suffeinig less by:tbeir eprc attions thana many othernatios,x etmred the explicit Asswert at iwe preferredwar to tribute; andIhiah e-pisnod":wa* to the relief ¢ the etnarce of he Modd frsn an : . : - : ns : .
;LTHE TUBKUSH CONZhJGENT. * TO THM EDITOl OF THE TMES. Sir,-It may interest somo of yotir readers to see the following extract from a letter just receiyed from Kertch - and, if it should meet the eye ot any of the friends of the gallant young officer whose lows has been so recently announced, it may be some comfort to them to know that his death among strangers and enemies -s%s soothed by all the attention that could have been paid to a friend or a comrade. The letter is dated DecemTber20. The ier says:- A "MaJor C-oldsmiid retuned yesterday, and had met with much civility from the Russian officers. He xeained for three days within their lines, and was tak-en blind. folded to the place wherepoor Sherwood had been carried, andwhere he died. On estering theroom, still blindfolded, he heard a low, chanting-, and was then told to unbandage his eyes, when he foumahimself standing by the body of our poor friend, laid out with the moetdelicate care, and vith a priest of the Greek Church pryiing over him. He had diect only that nfternooat The hogt of Major Goldsrnid durin& the greater part efthe timo was a Lieutenant of Coesad;s, who treated hinmost ldndly. The Russian officersuae, apparently extiremely well disposed to the English, ant one evening insismd npon drinng Queen Victoria's IpPl2h. There, is no sort of hostility to the English; and the keeling among them appWared to be that they would be r;Wt glad if the war were at an end; but not the least fom any feeling it'having been beatefi.' Letters fron the saoe quarter speak not on3rof tbe i,. tiene t-old, but, alas !aiso f ascarcity of pro%iWnns already. 'With-the greatest exertions3 it wasfound ipose olate -up in sttes cienfor hetropa r thbrie Tahf i er ii een indignation at tSe manmer in whichb tgaant force bas been treated by thoee who had thi contiol of their opr. tiwos. -I do not presume to coto6tvupwthe Seflwoi of hekpresellt pDSe, though Jnu*&inight be usaiainst .. Bt I do asle-and many, I trust, wl echol hd iniuywrhy they werero banidi about fromu one destination to axiothes, till the season-ws past at which they Mliht have provided themeselvegwith aupple for their misemble edxle ? S y,Parliameat will insist upon nowng to whom auci rneglect anddbsparagement is justly to be ascribed. P lremain. Sir. your obediecnt serVant. 5.-, T. r, -j4u, !A ,
LAW REPOBT. 4T'lWP AVF CATANWFl.PV DT%-nlV XAr 14 (efore Ott- LORDS JUSTICS= of ArE.AL.) Their Lordships were enaged the whole day in cases sone of wlhich contained any feathe of general interest. - BOLLS COURT, C SCERYlAX , Mix.. -141. (Before, UVi MASTER of de ROLLS.) W- HIWNORTH V. BROODES. : His Hoxoun. gave judgment in this case, which came b3fore the Court on exceptions taken, both by the plintif and defendant, to the Master's report as to the settlement ef an Account. Hlis Honour disallowed all the plaintiff's exceptions, and nade an altention in favour of the defendant to the extent of about 201. The particulars of the case wereof no interest.
VICE-CELNCBLLORS' COlTMTS 3MOfnAY- JAV:A 14- DEEKS V. STANHOPL (Bcforc Vicc-Chalzceteor Sir R. T. KoDyr.sD LEY. 'Iis suit, -whiel has been in ro forsa Years, 2dAtes to the af}airs of the Marylebone Bank, and is institutd by certain of the shareholders for the purpose of ulaking the directors liable on a great many grounds, mvolvig charges of a grave nature. The case was opened during the sittings previous to the Christmas recess, adjourned, an ~rOCeeded with on Satulrday after the routino business, and the plaintif? counsel ha.ve hitherto occupied the Court, and we therefore reserve our report for the present. Mr. Bally and 31r. WV. WV. Cooper appearedF for the plaintiff; Mr. Glasse, Mr. Southgate, MIr.Ca P. Cooper, Lr. Woedroffe, and Mr-. Cole for the deedns (Before Vie-ChaneeiorSfr3. STUART.) TM5 NEWNBRY AND ENNISIcULLEN RUILWAY Co3Te,1'W V. ThE UT-TER RAILWAY CO.U'Ny. This was a bill by the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company against the Ulster, the Dundalk and Ennis1dllen, the aublin and DIrogl eda, and the Dublin and Belfast Railway Companies, for setting aside an award of the Commissioners of the Board of Trade, dated the 19th of December, 1850, by which they awarded that the plaintiffs and defendants should bear, in the proportions therein mentioned the expenses of altering the gauge of the Ulster Railway &osnpony to a gauge of 5 feet 3 inches, and of adanting iha carrages of that company to such gatge and also -or an inJnction to restain the Ulster Railay ('ompany from prosecsting an action at law for enforcing payment to them from thle plaintiffs of the proportion of such expenses .warded by the comnuissioners to be paid by the latter. In l843 the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company were proceeding to lay dowu the rails on their line on a narrow gauge, and the matter was brought urder the consideration tRailayeDepIrtment of theBoard of Trade by the Ulster Railwray Company. The subject wvas referred by the pommissioners to te then nspector of Railways, who mada _ report in favour of a general uniform gauge of 6 feet 3 inches~ for Ireland. Thle Dublin and Drogheda Comn- an.accordingly adopted that gauge. In 1St6the Jlterand and it was proposed to incorpor.te these new companies-az., the Dublin and Belfast, tha Dundalk and Ennsstllen, and the Newry and EnnislKlen Companies for maling rail frrnfin' one s-stem of railways in connexion with the U and nblin rand Drogheda Railways. On that Occasion provisions were inscrted in the acts incorporating the several companies, obliging them to adopt the gag of 65 feet 3 inches on the new lines, and requiring the U er Company to alter their gauge of 6 feet 2 inches to a gauge of 5 feet 3 inches on the terms of each of the other companies, repaying to the Ulster Company such a proportion of the expense of that alteration as might be agreed upon among the several cornpanics; or, in case of their differing, as ht bc deteriinn by the award of the Board of Trade. The Ulster Company having altered their gauge on that part of their line from Belfast to Portadown, and made their extension from Portadown to Armagh on the gauge of 5 feet 3 ache! they sent an account of the expenses incurred by them in rmaking that alteration to the other companies; bat the sever.A companies, not being able to come to any agreement ameon themselves as to the proportion they should severa iy bear of such expenses, the question was referred to the Railway Department of the =oardof Trade, and after a lengthened mquiry the commsnissioners made their award, apportioningthe expenses of the bsforemeentioned alteration among the plaintiffs and defendants severaUy. The total expense of making the'alterntion in the r..ils andstock- oftheUlsterCompanyws15,56U. i7s. 7d., of which that company s to bear 1,8221. ls. 10d., the piaintiffslvere topay S,°9ZL Ts., the Dublin and Belfast =onn y4,w4 . 15. Xd, the Dundalk and EnnisidUen Coompany2,0311.3e45d., and the Dublin and Drogheda Compnny 3,3191. 4s. 7Ti A copy of the award having been served by the Ulster Company on the plaintiffs, who refused to comply with its tcrms, the former comnpany commenced an action at law ams the present plaintiffs for the sum of '3,9971- 7s. This bill was thereupon filed to restrain that action, and to set aside the award. The VscE-C ELLoR.-This judgment indicates the c-,se made by the plaintiM . 31r. Daniel and3r. Speed appeWed for the plaintiffs, and MIr. Bacon, MIr. Bagshavwe, Mr. T. Stevens, and Mr. Bagsalave, jun., for the defendaunts. The VICEL-CHNCELLOR said, this was a bill calling on the Court to declare that the award of the Railway Commis rioners was invalid and void in equity, and for an injunction to restrain proceedings at law under the award. It was said that the Court should assume the jurisdiction which tLe act of Parliament had conferred on the Railway Cominissioners. But the plaintiffs must show equitable grounds on which the Court could declare the nullity of the award prayed by the bill. The equitable ground alleged was the snauthorired and improper refusal of the commissioners to beartheplainti& case. On the evidence, however, that sllegation entirely failed, for lie found that before the 16ward was made the plaintiffs attended the commissioners by deputation, and presented a memorial stating their case, and it was after that that the commissioners nude their award. Ifontheevidenceit2ppearedthatthe plaintiffwere heard bytlie commissioners all ground for equitable interferencewouldseemtofaiL Thecasc, however, was attended with some peculiarities. The authority of the commissioners to ' make theaward vas derived froi the act of Parliament, and although the Court had, no doubt, a paramount jrurisdiction in cases of fraud and nuistake, it had no jurisdiction by way of appeal from a tribunal constituted by act of Parliament. This was nothing but an appeal from the Railway Commissioners, and the Court h no jurisdiction by way of appeal from that body. If the Court had jurisdiction to asic the Railway Commissioners to review their decision, it is q~uite possible that under the circumstances of this case he might be induced to exercise it. It had been said, on the plaintiff's behalf, that the Railway Commissioners delegated their authority to an officer, without acquainting the plaintiffs therewith, and that such officer did not communicate with the plaintifik- But there was nothing to satisfy him (the Vrice-ChancelIor) thit, so far as the Railway Commissioners thought it necessary to hearthe plaintiffs' case, they had not leard it. If the award had been made without heafi i the plaintiffi,theywouldhave alegal remedy, andwthere wouldbe no ground for the interference of this Court. His opinion was, that there wus no ground on which he could interfere, and the bill must be dismissed with costs. (Before Vicc-Ctantcd7arSir W. P. WooD.) THrE LANCASTER AND CARLISLE RAILWAY COMPANY V. THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY CONMANY. The arguments in this case were resumned on behalf of the defendants. afer which 3r. Rolt was heard in reply. The object of the motion (as ws stated in our report yesterday) is to obtain from this Court an injunction to restrain the London and North-Western Company from proceeding with certain intended applications to Parliament, and from maling any appl:cation mconsistent with or in contravention of certaii agreements made between the two compues; and by which agreements (among other terms) the . ndon andNorthWesternCompanyhad cpresslycontracted mot to apply to Parliament for any of the purposes znention in the agreements. These ipurposes were (as alleged by the plaintitfi? bUIl) comprised in the applications about to be made to Parlaiaent by the defendants in the ensung session, pursuant to notices which had been served on the plaintiffs mthat behalf. The motionwas opposed on several grounds arising out of the acts of Parliament governinp the two companies, and the construction of the -earoUs clauses contained in the agreements, and upon the further and most important ground that this Court would not interfere to restrain a party from exercisingthe inherent rht of every sublect of the realm to apply to Parliament, even though ne might have contracted not to exercise that right. The VIcE-CEENsCELLwss intimatei that he would give judcgelton 0 riday morning next.
CoTrT.! OW A-rrv kT - - - - LLSRTE V.. T.ViA' (SitWngs in an,are ord C BL and J,tttic COLERIDGE. WiterTv nf - ris Was an action to recover damages for the infiingem2entof aptent for improvements in wool-combing machiery. at the trial, which took place before Lord Camp- at O dhal,Z at the sttings after last term, the defendant obtamned averdict. Sir F. THZSIGER now moved, on the part of the plaintiff for a rule fora new trial, upon the groundthat the verdict was instehe evidence, and also on the ground of surprise. The Couacngranted arnIe to show cause. fl THE MAKI: OF B. W. LUCAS. Mr.3(ATHEw said, a relehadhbeen grante-dcsilingup>onthe Incorporated Law Soiety to show cause why Robiert Wood lucas should not be admitted an attorney of this court. A difficultj hadarisen in consequence of the applicant havin been Articled to a gentIeman who, though a solicitor of the CoDrt of Chancery, Was not an attorney of tle Courts of Common Law. hr. Justice Erle had recoramended an application to this Court which gnted the present rule, but the Law Society sad they bad no cause to Ehow against it. The learned counsel, therefore, applied that the rule might be miade absolute. Lord C utnEs-Let the rule be made absolute. 3EFMSI V. TEB GREAT WNESTER-X RAILWAY copAN.-y. In this case an action had been brought against the Great Western Railway Company to recover damages for the conTerson of ten railway trucksbelon 'ng to the plaintiff, At the trial, which took place before the Chief Baron, at Glocester, at the last assizes, it appeared that the defendants h5ad eized the trucks in question when in the possession of theplainti, upon the ground that they were entitled to the propert in the goods under a bill of sale executed to them by the ornier owmer of the goods, a rman named Owen. Tha plaintiff, hovwever, provedthat he had purchased thegoodsof Owen unaera. bll of sale exectted to him by Owen previous to the sale to the defendants. The plaintie had also been for some time in possession of the &-ods when they were taken by the defendants. The former owner, Owen, had become, btnkript, and the act of bankruptc had taken place before the sale to either of the parties. Under these cireusnstances the defendant sought to setup the title of Owen's assignees in answer to the present action, ba the Cief Baron decided that they were not at liberty so to do, and rejected the evidence. The plaintiff tbereupon obned averdict; but, subsequently, this Cort granted a mule tsii for a new trial, upon the ground that the defendants ought to have been allowed to set u1p &thejis e-ii, and aiseapon Affidavits. - Jr, Wbateey, Q.C. and 3r. Phipson now zchored cause againsttherule; ;rhichwu supported byHr. Keating, Q.C., and Mr. Scotlana, Lord CsentELL sala, he thought the Chief Baron was right in rejecting the evidence which had been tendered to impeach the title of the plaintiff. The defendants had no title in themselves whatever, and with r' rd to the i plaintiff must be considered as mere strangers. The plaintiff -haid beentfor aconsiderableftimeni thquiet and eaceablet rossemion of the chattes, andhd uied them as his own. 'Under those eircumshnces, the jusg teriii could not be aet up against hin. The defendants sought to set up the title of the assignecs, which they could not do, as they (the defendants) at the time of the conviction were wrongdoers; and it was established law, laid down in " Wulbraham v. Snow" and other cases, that wrongdoer csuld not do so. For te peace of society, it wass of the greatest importance that persons having no property in themselves should not seize upon goods, as had been done in this case. Uypon the ether point, the Court was of opinion that iniportant evidence had been dsscovered since the trial which ought *tobe subniitted to aju.ry, and upon that ground the rule wvould be made absolute for a new triaL. The other Judges expressed similar opinions. Rule absolute or a new triaL. - BAIL COURT. (SiliVjs at A;iJsi Jri:s, beforc Mr. Justice E= and a Common Jung.) STOI-IARD V. ALDRIDGLF Mr. Edwin James and Msr. P. Thompson were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjoant WiBldns for the defendant. hlr. JAMs., in opening the plaintiff's case, said that the plaintiff sought to recover compensation in damages for the seduction of his wife by the defendant. The plaintiff ras ai very young man-he had been educated for the business of a surgeon at Hull. The defendant was a person who had acquired counsderable reputation as an actor, acting under the nme of the "African Boscius," and he was well calculated to play certain parts, being " coloured" by nature, and he had amassed * considerable sum of money. The plaintiff was now carrying on the business of a surgeondentist, but in 1849 he had taken a fancy to try his fortune on the stage, and, having heard of the celebrity of the defendant, he went to Liverpool, where the defendant was then "starg" it as the African Roscius. He introduced l "the defendant and it ended in his offering to teac:h the plaintiff tBe profession for a sum ol 50L The plaintiff sold a reversion to which be Ew entit}ed for a small sum of money, and he gave the defendant 5Of. The young manv was sent to Hull, Liverpool, Wales and other places. Soon after this, upon the introduction of the defendant, the plaintiff was induced, .t the age of 18, to marry a young girl who resided where they lodged, at 22, Judd-place, New-roadL They were married on the 15th of August, 1849. The defendant was present, and gave the young woman away. After the marriage the defendant sent the plaintiff upon a theatrical engagement to Wales. He took his wife, and she remained there w5th him for some few months, when, finding he could nnt afford to t-ke her the different circuits v:ith him, he sent her to her mother's at Tonbridg:, Wells, and during the separation the defendant had taken advantage of the opportunmty and had seduced the wife. He had conducted himself with all the arts of a practised seducer, and the consequene was that, in March, l853, the vife gavo birtl to achid. At the time of her pregnancy the defendant, who was performing in Germany, wvrote this letter to the wife:- "My dear Emma,-Your letter has just now reached me, and I am very much surprised at its contents. You may be mistken. You sayWilfliam (the husband) has been with you, aud is it not likely that his visits have occasioned this mischief . Eowever, write me particulars inmediate y-tell me everythng-whathyou intend doing and where you mean to go, and I w rill make a remittance. Eas MrLA questioned you in connexion with me? and if so, hat passed?t cow is your aunt Whereisc vllam-hat brought him to towenot " Yours sincerely, After Mrs. Stothar& vws confined his tone became altered and he wroto her this letter:- "(Dear l Y dem,-You ould not have been nelected but I had some communications made to me of most imprudent conduct on your pait which very much annoyed m. and caused me not to address you again. I do so nowr, however, and if you give me the assurance that the child is "of colour" and that the father is the person you nane (himsefmyou understand me-beth you and vourchild shall not beneglected. Is it a boyor agirl7?Writehbyreturn, euclosing the same in the envelope I send you. Se3l mine pand then direct it to me. a Da not pay the postage. 18l me, doesyour mother know whose child it is, andis she unkind to you? Did your aunt leave you anything? " ours faithfully, e wnould prove that the child was "of colour." The child rras now dead. He would produce the evidence before them, and w ould ask them to give such damages as vould mark their sense of the defendant's corduct. The formal proofs of the marriage on the 16th of August,1849, were put in. It was p roved that the defendant acted under the name of the Afrcan Roscius. He wras a black star, but rather a desirable one. He played beth tragedy and comedy welt Mos. Ingledew.-o am the mother of Mrs. Stothard. She is now 30 yers of age. I saw the plaintiff just hefore they were married. Shc was then with me at Tonbride Wells The plaintiff came down to take her to be married. I was nfavourable to the mariage. In seven or eieht months after the marriage she returned to me. I objected to the match on accouint of the plaintiff being a performer. She had previously been resdmig ith her aunt in London. The defendant ledged with her aunt, and it was there the plaintiff first saw my daughter. Her aunt died, and I then rent to l ondon, and my dughter I then found had been confined on the 15th of March, 1853. I saw the child it was a coloured boy Mydaughter lived idth me after her marriage, because her husband could not support her, he earned so little. She took in needlework. She still remains with me. Cross-eamined.-I opposed the marriage very strongly. ey daug,hter had resided for some yearswith her aunt MIr. and Mr.Aldridge lodged in the same house. A Mrs. Groom kept the house. ey daughter has only had two children; the fIrst was by her husband, and ras born 10 months after the marriage; the other child wvas the one of colour. My daughter never complained of the treatment of her husband. I have not seen the plaintiff siner the summiter. y daughter is not livine with him; nor has she done so for the lnst six nears She ork a her needle for a living. She upbraided him for neglecting her, but he said he tad written letters to her which she haa not received. I am in indigentcircumstances. She ws confined of her first child in the Lying-in lospital I don't know where her husband was at the time. Hie wrote to her in the hospital, saying that his aunt wished to know whether he was married, and if inquiries were made he requesated his wife to say they were not married. saidexa tIed.-When she wrote to him complaining of neglect, he answered that he earned so little he really could not send her money. Susannai Burgess -hesf Stethard came and lodged with me in 1853, and duing the time shewasIconfined of a colouredtchild. I know the defendant. Isaw him and saidto him, " Do you remember Emmna StothardF7 HVe 5areyo"Perfectly well." I said she had a child, of which ha wvas the father. HIeseemed confused, and asked me wihy I said he was the father? I said, "4 Because it is so much like yen." Hfe said, "She is married." I said "I know that, hut white men don't beget black children." HIe said, "Are you a mother?" I saidlI hadhad nine children, butI hadnever had ablackone. She was confined at myhouse, and told me Aldridge would remunerate me. He said he could not give me anything just then, but if I would leave my address he woud send to me. Shortly after that I wrote to him, and ho sent word that I was to go to his house. Iwent there on the 19th of May, and he gave me Ss. He said "I don't give you that on Emma's account,but for your family*" I had not applied to him before because hewasnotin England. The childwasbornonthel5th of March, 18S. I was godmother to it. Mrs. Matthews.-J had this childto nurse when it was five months old. It was a eoloured child. It died with me. Mrs. Stothard went tothe funeraL Mr. Smelly.-I am a surgeon livingin Judd-place, Newroad. The child was brought to my house. It died of dysentery, and I certified the cause of death It was coloured, and had woolly hair. Mr. ]lon.-I am a theatrical agent. I know the defendant, and have done so for S0 years. re is about 50. I have repeatedly made engagements for him. He is now in Richard Norman.-I am an actor at the Surrey Theatre. I know the plaintif. He went by the name of Stewart. He was acting with me at the minor theatre in Iiverpool for nearly 12 months. I should say he earned about a uea a-week. He played- "tility" parts in anything. lHe was a little fair man, about 22. Mr. Serjeant Wrn s then addressed the judge for the defendant, contending that there was no proof that these parties were the persons who were married. Thelearned JTJDGF thought the evidence was sufficent to go to the jury. Mr. JAmES then sumned up the evidence he had called. He thought the plaintiff was entitled to their sympathy and consideration. Tae defendanthadpleaded thatthe acthehad done was with leave and licence, which, as no evidence was offered to support it, was adding insult to injury. It had been shown that the plaintiff bad not the means of support2ag his wife. His career was a most precarious one-it was notoriously so. The defendant had tiken advantage of this, and had seduced the wife. 1t was to be urged on behalf of the plaintiff that he hadnot draed his wife about withhima to share his miserable poverty, but had sent her where he thought she would be safe-to her mother - and there she woudhhavebeen secure had it not been for ile arts of the defendant. The plaintiff had written to his wife, and addressed the letters to her at Judd-place, and, no doubt, the defendant had interented those letters. Was it not, then, a case for damagesA The defendant had given the girl tothoeplaintijff at the altar, and he had every reason to plae confdenco in the defendant; but the defend2t had caused the separation bj intercepting the letters, .nd had then poured the poison of jealousy into her ear and seduced 3fr. Ser5ant Wrsas then addressed the juxry for the defendant.i,r JutcWlimweateaphddrse a Welsh jury, and then said he would call witnesses in sup- port of his speech, butt was interrupted by the jur, w;io sad dhe need~ not trouble himself, as thiey believed every word he had said.. If, therefore, they believed Mr. James, thswasxaverybhad case. But; howr ws that speech supported by the evidence? Maliny thinu had been stated, hut little had been proved. Thiere wfas no proof of the defendant having introduced the pLain-. tifto his wife, or that he had given her asway. There ws no proof ot the pijaitiff having paid the defendant SOZ. There was no evidence of his having sold a reversion. It was clear sis friend wa~swrong in his facts, for whatvvas thereto show that the plaintiff hfadwritten an; letters to his wife- at Judd-place? What right had he to infer that Mr..Adridge had intercepted the letters ? W1hat evidence wras there of any seduction? Let them lookc at this heart- broken husband.> Why, he had never lived with his wife for six years. According to the evidence of her mother, he had left her t.o the mercy of the world. HIad he not sw ox to tke her for bettereor worse? and yet he had senther from hInm, and there was no p roof of his hazig. ever sent her- a Sarth.ng. Wa.e it tre that -ie had riten to . , .~~~~~~~~t his wife, telling her to deny the marriage, ana hol terself out as a woman of shame? Wais that trae? Her another said it was. How could it be said that Aldridg hiad kept the husband from his wife, when she was in Gernney, and, the. plantiff in Tlierpol? He'regretted tliat the phsintiff 'could not~ bo called, as he mijinlt have toia them inwhatwiyand in whos soui6ty he hap#ssed his time. The 'wife was first delivered of a child, sand where ? Ina lying-in hospital ; left, deserted byher husband, and wiithout a farthinig giveyn her by-him. Whe ws the proof of their having ved on. terms,of affection? What loss had tbe plaintiff sustained? The proof of adultery was very slight. AIdridae was not the onlyman of colour. OtheUlowasaMoor-ahandsome man; hut Aldridge- was an Africsm. What would they say of a lady who would fall to the arts and devicsm of a "nigger?f The rnomaent a woman yielded to those desires whiclh were a curse of her nature, then the word " seduction" was introdluced. When the treasure was in the plaintiTfs hands he had thrown it tiway and trmupled upon it. Where, then, was the claim for damages?. The learnedTZuGEs gumnsed up.-The child bud srng indications of its aternity, and he thought that it must be considered tobethe-offbYrg of a negro. They were not to award a p,unishment, hut to compensate the plaintiff for tho loss winch he had sustained, and he wouldi caution them to beware how they were ledl away by the statements of a powerftu advocate, when they were not gome out by the evidence in tho case. A great deal that had been stated was certainly un-l founded. The moral conduct mnight ho heavy, but he saw nothing of artifice or an endeavour to pour poison into er maind. The letter of the defendant seemed to infer that he would bar his shareoof the burden The defendant was not to be classed among persons of artful guilt, but he said she might exect assistance from him. Want, then, was the loss the plaintiff th d sustained.? e did not see any indications of the tiff intending to pags the noon and evsninrM of life inliappiness wvith his wife. From the first separation the wiife was left in solitude, without money, in the lying-in hospitaL She compained of -all this, and no support was rendered her. Tere was no proof of any letters having been interceptea by the defendant. There was nothing to show that the plaintiff had attached any value to the situation in which he had stood. They mnust say -what comfort of marriedl life had been invadedl, and what was the amount of loss the plaintiff had sustained. 2ise jury returned a verdlict for the plaintifi; damages 403. MOP.WICK V. SHEPETRID. Mrr. Hf. Smith and Mr. Arney were counsel for the plin tiff. and Hr. Serieant Sheo and Mr. Jones for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover damages for an injury which the plaintiff had sustained by reason of the fallingof a boarding, which had been erected in Oxfordstreet by the dlefendant, and which ha fallen, as it was allege,- through its having been incaLutiously and insecurely erete.The plaintiff; it appeared, kept a smnall school and took in work fom different shope. She was passing along Oxfordl-street5 andl when -she camse opposite this hoarding it fell, knocked her down, and snilicte a severe wound on her head, whichx bled m~ost profusely. She was taken to the house of Dr. Stewaxt, in the Regent's; Park. Her memory was much imapaired, and for a timne it was fearedl that lockjaw might ensue. She was preventedI attending to business for a long time. Dr. Stewart's charges were 20 guineas. The defence was that t'he defendanit was not the contractor for the work. but was theoworkman for M1r. Mtaclean, who was the proprietor of the premises, which wer being altered, andl for whom the defendant wasactingas ar,ervant. lt~wasTIPo this contended that the defendant was not liable,Mr Maclean was the celebratea looking-glass manufacturer in Fleet-street, and the premises in question were formerly called Fladong!s Hotel. Mr. Justioe ERxu saidl that, from this evidence, it would aperthat Maclean was the person liable, and not the TheplaintViffwsteeoennut Upontesugestio of he lerne Gil,s an arrangement was ometo~hy hichMr.Maceanagreed to give the plantif 5L,an reiev hr fomalllibility of costs of
COURT OF COMMON PLEAg sWoTw .T. -VA sTaPsoN V. TL.AL%rn (Sittings im Banco, Hilary Term, bcfore Lord ChiefJwticc JERVIS and Jutices CRrSSWxu, WILLuuIs, and CROWDER) Alais Was an action brought by the plaintifi as a clerical agent, in St. Switliin's.lane, London, to recover from the defenldant commission on the sAle of the living of Iden, in Sussx, the estimated value of which was 15,0001.), on wvhich thep pltiffelaimed5 percent., orTf501., anditappearod at the trialthat if the sale had bee effected through him he woula have claimed 5 per cent, also fromn the buyer. The living was sold by the defendant himself, to whom it belonged, and, the plaintiff not having in any way ad-vanced the sae, the defendant refused to pay hima his commission or anything whatever. The plaintiff claimed, at all events, to be pad for the services he bad performned, havin- remitedthceentrancefee of threeoguineas forputting the living in his list, in the expectation of effecting a sale. At the trial before Mr. Justice Cresswell, his Lordship held that there bad been no wrongful revocationl of the authority of *the paintiff to sell, and, the authority to sell havig een revoedn by the defendant, who sold the living himself, there was no evidence to support the plaintiff's claim, and he, therefore, directed a nonsuit. A rule ti:irihving been obtained to set aside the nonsuit on t'he ground of misdirection, M1r. B3ovillv, Q.C., and Mx. Bacldeley showed cause against the rule; and M1r. M. Chamabers, q.C., and Mr. Jacobs were heard in support of it, The Loxcr Cmxi-r JuSrcEZ in givingjudgmnent, sad, it seemed to him that the rule maust be discharged. The authorit to sell was revocable; the question was, on 'what ternms? that depended on the terms of the original employ. ment. It might be conceded that, ordinarily, if apro employed an agent to sell anything, he could no eok i auth.ority without reimbursing himn for the labour bestowed; as, if an artist were emiployed to paint a picture, which was not accepted, he was entitled o compensation for the work actually done upon it. But this depended always on the term of he egament. Speaking or hnsf, he thought that in this case the evidence showed that the employment was that of a qualified agent, and it was lik-e the ordinary case of a house-agent, or a ship-broker, where the understanding was, that unless the agent sold h watoreceve nothIng as other house-agents, or the owner himseli might sell and that lie took the chiance of getting an enormous return if he sold, and nothing if he did not sell In this case he was of opinion that there was no evidence of work done by the plaintiff, and that the customary fee of three guineas for registering the living for sal, wichwasreittd h' te paiti, would cover the labur f eterng he ivig fr sleand giving verbal
COURT OF EXCHEoUEL& A -T.' IA CUOVuCu V. TME GREAT NORTOBRHE R ATT.WAV AA8T>A - (SUainer in fffiejo . } -- mr. ±siocHFORT ULARKE resumed his argument in this ease, the points in which were mentioned yesterday (Mon. day), and at the conclusion of his argument, which occupied a considerable portion of the day, The COURT made the rule absolute, in so far as the reduction of the sum awarded by the jury to the plaintiff for ths general loss of his business was concerned, but dischargedl it as to the alleged misdirections, without costs on either side. (Sitisigs in .MiddZcsex, at Nis! PrWus, is Hilary ATer2, l,- fore Mr. Baron PLATTv and Comimon Ju-ies.) This was the first day of the sittings in Middlesex, at Niai Pri=%s for the preset term. The list contains as many as 62 causes, which have been set down for trial. A. number of undefencled cases were disposed of in the course of the day. AIKEMr V. SHORT. Mr. Knowles, with Mr. Field, conducted the cas for the plaintiff; and Mr. l,L Smith, with Mlr. Gray, representedl the defendant. This was aLn action to recover the sum of 2261. 16s. Sd. for maoney had and received to the plaintiff's use under the following circumstances :-Ii appeared that the plaintiff is the registered public officer and nmanagr of Stuckey' Banking Company at Bristol, and that the defendant is the -widow of the late Mr. Francis Short, who was an attorney in practice in the samTe city. The banking company had had many tranLsactions with the firm. of Messrs John and Chales Carter, who carry on an axtensive business, in the progress of which the former received from one of the partners, John Carter, various acceptanxces of Geo-rge Carter, amounting to between 3,0001. and.4,0001. One of these hills having arrived at matunity-it was for 1,5001.-was dishonoured, whereupon the bank too>k legal proceedings. The action was carried on until, on the eve of the matter coming on for trial, a negotiation was entered into between the parties, whiceh resulted in a convey_ance being made to the bank of George Carter's interest of one-eighth share of certain landedl roerty which he derived under the will of his brothe rEdwin Carter. This will was dated the 12th of January, 1846, and, after providing for an annuity of 4001. a-year to the testatores mnother and certain charges in the way of mortgars the wil went on to bequeath the residue equally, s are and share alike, to the testator's. eight brothers and sisters The interest of George Carter was estimated at 4,00021.. Among the charges upon the tpestator's estate provided for was a sum of 2001. to the late Francis Short, to whiom he had granted an equitable miortgage for that amount. Measures wrere taken by the banlk for the sale of a portion of the estate, and the sale so effecteed realised betwveen 21,001 and 22,0001. Out of the assets thus obtained the bank deducted the amount of Ge-oTe Cate ce=acs-aey 3,4501.-which they he d, and paid m the difference between that sum and tbe 4,0001., the estimated value of the interest he took under his brother's will. On the 17th of July a demand was mnade on the bank on behalf of the. defendant for tfie payment of the equitable mortgage for 2001., held by the late Francis Short. In the first in~stanceo the bank suggeste that the'defeudant should wait unmtil the matters in respect of Geortge Carter and the sale of the estate had been settledI; but this proposal the lady declined to accede to, and, in cons~ecquence, the bank were compelled to jxs the money, amiounting, with interest, to 2261 16e. Sd. This payment was made about the 8th of Augut but shortly after the bank received.infortration that Edwwin Carter had miade a secend will, prepared-and attdited by Firancis Short, which bare t-he date of April 25, 1846, about four moQntlts Inter than the inshrment uinder 'which they had ma-do the arrangement with George Carter anid proceeded to the sale of the' estate.. By this- second wil George Carter, instead of taking, as' under the provisions of the first, will sn undivided eighth share, became entitled only to a. life interest of :1001. a-year, an interest wi hich, if e at- they haa paid the money without consideration. Repayment, however, was refused; hence the present action. Mr. M. SMrrrH, at the conclusion of the cue for the plainVt4f smbnaitted that there was no case to go to the Dfr. Baron PLA, hoivever, held that the plaintiff, having paid the money under a state of mistAken fiatt, was, enti32ed to recover. He should, therefore, direct a verdictfor the plaintiff, and givo leave to the defendant to move tho Court above. Tle jury.thereupo returned a verdict for the plaintiffDamages 226& 16s. dL.
COURT OF BAWKRUP}CY. Bas NW.1-,tr, Jan. 14. E t RA -ARK XOYDh-TE ROYAL BA)K OF k7SI1RTATZA. (BefoA Mrr. Co W L 'A',3r A s wvastne acijourne examination meeting iin the case of Mrk Boyd, described as a sharebrokeo of New Bankbuildings, who had traded, -n pr s ith his brother, Ben}ai Boyd (now decctaed), under the firm of B. and IL B0oyd. The joint balance-sheet extends fron the e st of Juary, 180, to the 20th of March last, and contains the following items :-To usecured creditors 7,5951. ; ditto, holding, t y, 10,4v21. ; balanco of Sydney consignment accouit,76n3U,466 rofits in trade, 71,b2891. ; epital, Jaul. ary 1, 1840, 19,33. ; liability, 3,4931. ; by good debts, 331?. ; doubtful ditto, 1,82M1 - c-laim against Royal Bank of Australia, 37,4051. [a note to t6 itemn states-", This claim is entirely exclusive of the remuneration of the late B. BIOyd for his sulprintendence, in his capacity of chairman, oif the affairs of thle bank in the colony during a period of 10 years, on account of which nothimg has been received, and the amount of which is as yet undeternined. The affairs of thiscompanyare incourseof liquidation under the imdinvsup Act, and a large po rtion of this claim of 37,4051. is disputed byr the official manamger en the ground of its being barred by the Statute of Lniitations"] ;property, 15,3!.; debentures, &c., inhbands of creditors (subject to claims of 10,4021.), 1,2801. ; insanceo of life of B3. gold, 3,0531. ; office expnse, 17,9451. ; privato account, 49,4761.; losses, 49 1051. Te, foUowig note was appended- to te balance-aieet (!' n.B. Since mny bankruptcy despatches have been received at the Admiralty front Captain D men rn, of Her Mjesty's ship Herald, who had proccedced to the Isaud of Guadaicanar for the express pu se of ascertan.. ing the fate of my brother, B. Boyd, whieh leves no doubt of his having been- murdered on that island by the native in the year 1851e" The y.aratewalance-sheetof 3 Boyd extended over the same period and showed these items :-Liability on 290 harest the R of Australia, 30,000.; amiount rceimnthet hbudtt Mrs aoder her mariage d settlement, 5a years, 500 ^.a-year,2,7501 ; dhecawiengs from the firm ofe B. ands nfoyt bemga4cshntr hamounot at debitnce -^Thivat ac Mr.a Lash enewy, appllerkeould th the bankrupt bohry t White EOX R nnd for d themasagnes,opoed tent bankruptm Mark 18oyd hexhamnodocumenatary o. himself and brother in 184 was 1c34: = This ronsisted lossroprtyu hand debors asse forh inhis alane-seet.The .i,ddeb trow s 4 ward d, his father, 9,6391. This was for private advances to his fher for support of himself and family, including interes. The account with his father commenced 10 yea before that time. His father was -the mnana8er ohe. Unitedr ingdomAssnranceCompany. This washisfather's only source of income. Up to the formation of the insurance cotmran his father was entirely dependent upon him anl hi. bther. H father had no means of discharging the debt of 9,0001. The success of the com n ld himn to believe that his father would be able to carge the debt of 9,0He., and caused him to put that down as capital. His father bad been the holder of landedl roperty in Scotland, bit had been obli.ed to live abroad for the sake of economy. His father died in 1L846. The next debtor, W. S. Boyd, of Bombay, was his brother; he was a debtor of 31191. His HoNoon.-What is the mneaning of all this inquiry? Mfr. RoxEUMGL-Tc show that tlhe bankrpt's accounts are entirely fallacious ; in fact "1cooked." is Hhoiou.-c m at is the opposite expression? Mr. RoxBRssG.-ThRcaw."o That is the case of the accounts of the honest trader. Examination continued.-The next debtor wats Mr. Lilly, 1,3491. Mr. Lilly was a portrait painter; he had no property, but his prospects were bright ; he had painted oxraits of sever-al eminent men. Mfr. Illy had paid 4861. Rhcre had, however, been advanced a greater amount than the sum paid. The next item of capital was sundry shares, 5,0001., not now traceable. Some discussion took place which resulted in its appearing that this item was a,guess There was nothigin the hooks which would show itt eotherwise. His HoxouiL-He has had enorou transactions and y'ou reqire him to recollect what took place 15 years bck. cannot reure this. Examination co=tncd.-The books contain-ea a full record of his transactions, but he could not explain how the capital was shown. At this-tino he had shares in the North British Insu-ance CompaZny, London Reversionary, 'Union Bank of London, and UItdKnom surce The share were mentioned in his boo ks This was in 1840. His HoNoun-I really cannot waste time in investigating thzese shares as possessed in 184, 15 years ago. Mr. RoxmuswGr.-My notion is that an examination maeeting is for the purpose of testing a b-ankrpt's accounts. His HoNovR.-I knew what would become of bankrupts' estates if we were to investigate accounts of 15 years bac7k. M1r. Ro)muRGu.-I must press the inquiry. This is no ordinrybankruptoy' M.Tomas (the bankrupt's accountant) said, he could not trace the rhares. * Mr. LAwiLW,cE-I will admit that 'this ie ,mr estimate. - ie smr Examination continued.-Rtichard Webb was the next debter-viz.,-for 1,3821. Webb hadabeen a wine merchant, and orinall wa aclerk- in his house. This was a bad debt.Li 1840 he was not indebted to the St. George's Stleam Pack-et company it apared by his books that he was indebte tothnenr 943&. bt it was not his debt. It was merged and balanced in B. and Mu Boyd's account: This did not appear in any way in his balance-sheet. He had every reason. to believe that this suim was realy not due to the St. George's Steam Packet Company. There was, somehow or other, an exchange of shares. He was broker' to the company. One day lie would be Wt dlebtor, the next its credlitor. Iris transactions with the company were so large that he could not tell whether on the 1st of January, 1840 he had paid the company for some debentures. Referring to his books, he found that in August, 1839, the firm paid the steanipacket comipany 50,0001. Probably they were paid for this sum. There was a large Payment to the company 10days before thelst of January,14(. H e couldi not say whether goods purchased inSeptesmber were paid for in the Augus account. He thought they were part and parce of the. same. It appeared to him that the item of 3,9001. should have been transferredl to profit and loss accouut. That was the only answer he could Blac Co. were their correspondents in AberZe "Tahe las ayment to Black and. Co. was 6001., on the 21st of Ifarchi, the day of the bankcruptcy. The las pamen toa M. Lvi as 001 onthe morning of the bankuptc. Netherhad een resing. eandliisbrother werth bokrs orheRoalAusraiaBak.A number ofdbenurewee itheposesionf B anM.Boyd shortly befre he ankupty.Thedelver otoneofthe debenture tor. Ahurt wa mae thee aysbefore his bankrupty. Afew eeksbefoe oter dbentreswere sold. Onefor1,401.wassol toMr.Woo;.one to Mfr. Hudson for1,00. Tes wre ol a pa wthutinterest.He knewthatMr.Ashuat, r. ood,andMr. Hudson had claied iteret. t th tim he adethese sales he signed ien200.to his wife's trustees about 1 otsao i wiewstewidow ofMr.Coastes. Mr. Cse wdtefr 4,0001. at the 'time of his death. He had not been paid.'. There was an entry in the book-sagainstthis debt, "By cash in December, I84, 4,0001." By this entry cash was net mneant, but that the account was a bad debt. The entry was in the handwriting of his clerk. M1r. TssomsAs.-AIl the cash entries have a reference. This not being a cash entry has not a reference. This not being a cash entry, the clerk could explain the entry. Mr. White, examinedl, said he mnade the entry in December, 1849; he had no documentary mean of satisfying the Court that the entry was madleinl1849. The entry should have been carried to the p refit and loss account, but had not been so carried; the words against the entry in pencil " not cash, bad debt," were not made by him. Mr. Thomas said, the words in pencil had been written by his (Mr. Thomas's) clerk since th bankrupt-cy. Bakutre-examinea.-He marriea in septme, 88 :5Mr.Cote (Romeo Coates) was kfied in 1847. Hle then owed him -4,0001., and he owed Mis. Cotes 2,4391. The, debentures had been givenx to his -wife about 18 maonths ago, to. secure her against the 4,0001. The entry against MEr Coatee's account . "By cash," PWas an erroneous entry. Mrs. Coates had a'settlemnent under her previous muarfiaie. This was in the hands of her trus-, tees-Messrs. Ro inson And YManing. The debenture were to secure his wrife against a debt contracted before his marriage. He (the bankrupt) made a settlement upon his wife. Mr. Caytn, of Lancaster-place,was his wife's trns-: tee. IHelmewafr. Hazard, who hadcoie fromScotland.. some sares in the Australian, Bank- had been put into a seaed packet for him mas,a seurity. Xhis was after the hank- had failed. Debentures had been similarly given in 1849 to some youn ades of the mame of Boyd.L Hehbad authorized his brothier Edward LennoxEBoyd to transfer these shares. His brother B, IL Boyd was a creditor for 500. In February, 185, there was an entry. in his books against this account. The entry was, 'that the sumn wa4 postd to Mr. W'hitesaccount, -who had. been just examined. MrVhite could explain why the transfer had been m nade. His brother, bad advanced the 5001. - He- could not tell whether an alteration in this account hadl been made .since the bankruptcy. He gave his. brother sedurity in the shape of a charepo theUnited.lKingdom Assurance Compny.He pedgd na±lyallhisshares (he could not tell ow mny)~he Asurane Copanyto cover the. claim fB od frigt i accoundts,efsind the' brte 015H a aea'msaebn esi.ml M1r.Wht examined.-He saw an entry of 5001. - There was an erasur. The cause of the ezrasure was that this eny hi d irecn . made i sroperly. t ting the '.~~~~t wyishdhi. Wht)fose h moerpind thes eoomdi Ba nmtiere wa nere cHsbe thes,Bis oed i- onthe utetf,ehe Aultrali Wool CoMPsY. These debentures were depod- sited with the Australian h icnldngComany. of which his brother was the mnanaper and himsel a directr. There were debentures to the amount of 15,000L The transactions of the Adstralian Wool Company were ver large. He had not communicatedl to the directors of the Australian Banking Company that the Australian Wool Company consisted of his brother only. -His brother went to Australwasrepre. entative of the RoyaLBank. . Froma the btxunerDf shiPS fitted eut hisbrothe.'musthavehad a largeamountof money with him.- Debentures of the bank to the amount of 20,000!.-were sold. This sum was taken by his brother to Australia. The amunoutt of Bank debentures ultimatelyissned wras 340,000!. The whale of the mnoney went to his brother and his colleague, . Raobinson, in Australia. The - gate amount of consignments made by his brother Australia was about 183,000!.. This appeared by his ledger when it was last balanced before his-bankruapt.y. This was the amount. Against this 183,O000- he had, to debit freight and insurance's. The balance had to be carried to account. This had not been done. Mis brother had been superseAded by a gentlemuan of the samet name. He 'was afraid, in consequence Of Proceedings in Chancery, to complete the books. He did not pay over to the Bank of -Australia the amount of consgments receivedl from the wool comrnIn,. H1r. Geor-ge We=r, the abl eat ma&n on the boroteankr, hadthanked God that the affairs of the wool company were not identified with it. The bankrutpt here entered. into an explanation, to the effect that his brother had trnisferred valufable securities to the banking company upon hpis being supergeded. He d never told any of the directors of the bank-that he had receivedI consignments to the amount of 1.83,000! from his brothier,.but they knew he was receiving such consignments. 2Teither as a maatter of business nor as a matter of duty had he comnmunicated to the bank information in ths respect. He (bankrnpt) was a director of the bank, and knew that his brother had the 300,000. in Australia. Hfe had acted as his brother's agent in receiving the consignments. HM brothner was now a creditor for (33000. on account of the consignmaents. Hlr. RBoxanunhero explained that the bnanmrpt made the Royal Australian Bank a debtor tobim of 37,0OWL This rendered it ver,y necessary that the ;nfortnnateshareholders should rigidlyv investiigate the accounts. The case was ultimnately adjourned..
INSOL VNTDEIBTOWS' COUBT, Jan. 14. IN CRECHA1LOE ATKNqS, OTHER'ISE BUVER& fRdwov thep em i fl - I t1mgs insoivenr, a iomghouse-keepcr, petitioned as a8 Mr. Nichols nd Mr. Denny opposed, and Mr. Sargood su mrted. Te debts inserted in the schedule were 29&. but one of the creditors proved that his debt exceeded the amount statedinthe schedule. Anothercretditorheld abiof sale for advances made upon the taith of a declaration by the insolvent that there was no previous encumnbrance upon the proper char d, a statement which proved to be untmue, a pnrb-of e having been given upon the same property. The insolvent excused the misstatement by alle ing that she signed the last paper as amatter of formn, without reading its contents. A similar excuse was given for stating on the balance-sheet that she had never been bankrupt, whereas in truth she had been bankrupt abont 10 years since. The Cmxv ComMISSION.ER advised the insolvent to abstain for the future from signn paeswithout miaking hersef acquainted with the c t d dismaised the petition, as the debts clearly exceeded 30W. (Before Mr. Commtstioner PHLns.) 1S RE ZYMES 13TGI0. This insolvent, ahouse decorator, had engagedthe opposin creditor Mr Barnard to do certain worlk in a house which be (insoivent) had a 'contract to repair, promising to ptay when he received the money from his employer, a promise which he failed to kep. The learned COnussIoNmn ordered the insolvent to be discharged after five months' imprisonment from the date of the vesting order. XN RE PrMLI' AIMERG. Mrr. Dowse opposed. and Mr. Rleed supported. The insolvent, a baker had obtained flour from the opposing creditor after his credit had been stopped by the person with whom he had previously' been deiling. Mr. Counniuloner Pminrras considered the insolvent was not ustied incurring the debt with the complaining creditor, and ordered him to be discharged at the expiation of fivo months from the vesting order.
POLICE. Gu;mrrATx.-Charles George Cooper, a clerk and collector in the employ of Mfessrs. Braun and Kortoske, cap manufacturers of London-wall, was placed at the bar before Alderman F.nqiss, charged with embez-ling his employer6' money. The prisoner was remanded for inquiry into other eases, in which it was stated be bad received money and mot accounted for it. o n o Ernest Theophile Guiget, a smartly dressed foreigner, descnbed in the police sheet as "an author," residing at 11, Oxford-terrace, Paddington, was brought up in the custody of Webb, the detective officer, charaed 'nith conspiring, with a person now in custody in Parns, and others, to obtain goods to the value of 10, OOL and upwards-under false pretences, with intent to defraud. MI Abrahams appeared for the prosecution; and Mr. Lewis, of Ely-plutce, Holborn, conducted the defence. Mr. Abrahams stated that the prisoner was one of a band of swindlers orgauized in France for the yurpose of defrauding tradesmen in this country by obtng consign- ments ef goodsunder false representaions. -The gang haeanredon their operations untder various names, and had' succeeded in vietbuizing a great many persons to the extent of 10,0001. lThe prnsoner ws.t, however, nowv willing to give every information, and lhe should, therefore, have to apply for a rem,and. Mr. ILewis said, the fact was, the prisoner ad been made the dupe of other more designing persons, and he was now anxious to make disclosures of alilhe knew. * Henry Webb said,-About a-quarter tol o'clock on Satutrday I went with Funmell, my brother officer, to Great Winchester-street, where I found the prisoner surrounded byamobofoOor60persons. Mr. Abrahiamsgaveoininto msy ustdy on a charge of conspiracy. Funnell took him *by the collar and walked on before, wvhile I followed with 3fr. Abrahams towards Broad-street, at which point the prisoner suddenly sipped his coat, leaving itinYnnell's hand, and ran away. I followed, and recaptfired him at the corner of Wormwood-street. I took him to the Moor-lane police station and searched him. Ifound on him, among other articles of no importance to the present charge, a old wat.elh and chain, 91. lOs in money, seven 5Z. Banif, of England notes, three notes for 1,000f., 100f., 20f. and a pass port. I then went back to 14, Great Vmichester-street where he had carried on business, and found there some invoices, books, and other documents, all of which Itook possession of and nowp reduce. Mr.Abrahams was then examniedas avitness, and said,On Saturday last, about 1 o'clock, Iwent with Mr. Sleyffers, eof aris, to 14, Great Winchester-street, where I saw tho prisoner in a room on the first faoor, where a firm of the navme of " F. Maurice and Co." appeared to be carying on business. I interrogated him as to certain property, and nquested him to disclose to me what had become of it; but he said he had nothing to disclosw. I then asked Mr. SIeyffers to fetch an officer, and placed my back ag-ainst the door to prevent the prisoner's escape. The prisoner immediaWy ran to the window, which heoenened, and after looking up and down the street he threw humse3f out. I ran to the window, and called out, "Stop himt" when Mr. Sleyffers, who happened to be coming out of the door below, instantly seized him and ultimately handed him over to the care of the police. Mr. Abrahams here intimated tliat it was not desirable to push the innuiry any further at present, lest it should defeat the ends of justice. IMr. Lewis asked Mr. Abrahams if the prisoner iud not alreadygiven i4ormation which had led to the recovery of a large tuantity of nroperty?tI .r. Altrahays aJmitted that such was the fa,i and the prisoner was then remanded. Alderman FLr-s requested that the piesswould acinowledge the receipt of 101. from- the Leathersellers Company for the poorbox; also 2s., being the amount of fees allowed for the attendance of the gentlemen on the jury in the Lord Mayor's Court, for the same fund. MARLMORO1UGH-STREEE-From "L. I S." the half ofa55.-note has been received for the poorbox. MAnYLEBONm-George Saunders was elaced at the bar before Mr. BnOIJGEYoy, for re-examination, chaiged with having stolen a gold watch!and chain, valued at 201., theproperty of Mfr. Bobert Walker, residing at16, Stanhope-street, Hamptead-road. - Mr. Lewis now attended for the prisoner. Some particulars of a former investiption have already appeared, and the facts of the case asgiven were these - On the 26th ult. prosecutor, while% walking along Little Charles-street, was surrounded by several persons, one of whon ijumpedonhis back, while another seized him by the throat and knocked his hat over his eyes; th6l prisoner, who wasone of the party, put his hands under -the proseeu tor's arm, and en his withdrawing it therefrom : the chain wasseen inhis possession the whole of the party then ran off and the prisoner was: ma few days after the robbers -captured by Burns, 90 S, in A1bany-street' - ~Neither thiewatch nor chain haden found.- --- Afer a cross-examination of theowitnesses by Mr. Lewis, The prsoner, who resered his defence, was committed for~ tra- Mr. BRouGTroX received from "Peter Pickkiickl' the second half of a Uc.-note for the poorbox. - - WEsMMSmn-tneonsequenceofseverahi oierslvlng been wrenched off doors in. bury-street, P'imlico on the night of the 30th nlt., a policeman in plain' clothes wa5 spe. eiallyemployedto detcdtthe offenders, and at ibsut2 o'look in the morm of thelstinst. he apprehendedlr. HL. Cornish,a medical student at St. George's nspitA whom he -sawleave a streetdoorwith aknockerandbelupi iu his possession. The accused, who spent two nights in prisoa beforeha vws bailed, declared that the knocker badbeen' gi'en -to him totake care of by a young military fienad who had' w 'enched it oll and whose name he dared n6t-avowiest he should 1i6ee his commission.- -)fr.' Paynter, upon. its bein'g represented that the- a'ciseid was: ex. tremely sorry for what had- occurred, -ind *ould, y all expenses, taking his youth (ab6ut`25)intoconsideration,-discharged him upon payment of 31. forthe offence; butin two days aftrwards, -upon the application of Wr Gibbs, the superinteudent of the B division,granted a sum,mons aainst-the defendant for iiin*fully possesggn four other knockers, which was -mde retnable esterdday. - At A tleman from the firm of CirdaleDife *an&i ussel, as before, defended the accused. - - ' enry, Savae,butler to majoiThibbs, ,utland-ate, saita r. Crnish brought:the four 'rnockeis he now produced, wrapped up in paper, at3aid-day oi the 31st lt., whafeyds -e 'dl ior Phibbs caaeiotetdwn som-whepe they remaine till r Incross-ezaniinatiesc witness 'sidhis 'st f~ail'ooai^ rslted of-two sons and twro young ,da'ugtheXS: Allan the house ust have seen- the kneckers - Se]ieved onewan nailed as aWplaythg tethae nurydoo" 'h .. -t trate,-anddeeply regrettedthatthis narne';d' een!r wed~ dSYS ' T;ja r&-' - forward in a disgraceful mater of this description. Ire wa out of town when the knockers were l*nuht to his bhwae, anRd pon hs return from his regiment he found them theM indhaving waiteduponEirBicharda Xnegvvethe knoekers iintothe police. He founduponinquis7 that the defendant, wslowaS a d;n6ger to him, bad been intivdlued to his house byhis sOn, 5.nmere child of14 -rly, andathatwhiletheotber cie-pon which de£endant-had been convicted wa pending. he went 4down on his kniees to somae of his (theO 3GjrbJl a t mi b ed in rery th't- tn knockers le h aiter the judgmen*t of the Coumt had been given, he wated upoion Mrs Phbbag, and endeavourad, by intimidstion, to obtain IM from her. He said, if she dian't give hir IS& he would expose her; at the same time ;tSing about his layes bn and hir, expenses W6D6 Rc~w Pibbe the ajorls'brother, said that jj6 defendant was in custody for want of suretiesuo the former churge be wrote a lette to 3i rajo 'ruMbbs telling her that if dbe did not become bail for-hira it would be the worse for her. After he had precured bil, andbefe the decision upon -the case, became to ibe house, and, eridentlynotexpectingto rmeet with him, wa taken inijch aback He began crying, ad, in a sort of freinjed heita. tion between cutiing his throat and blowing his brains oeut implored them not to ruin his future prospects in life by producing the knockers against hima. Me subsequently, an stated, called upon }r.hibbs, and said thatif she drdrZt his expenses her name should be brought trwy imrd for hving the knockcers at her hoose 3Evidenoe ws liven by Mr. Cumnig, aninspector of the B3 division, showing that one of the knockers produced had been stolen from the house of Colonel Vernon, Chestepsquare. Defendant'sadvocxteaddressedthemagistrate in his b- half Ho said that, when thereon a previous occasion, te forboretomentionthe names of persons connectedwith this transaction, thinkng that there was an end to tho matter, and that what bad occurred would deter defendant from tke repetition of such conduct. Defendant wsmakinsthe compensation which had been promised at-the time of hlsleavingthat court vrhen this eharge ws broughtforwai avinst]iim, and ho nowr begged to sa that, if proceeded ith, it wouldo heecessary t call Ms ]?libbs, from wbhon& the suggestiou of taking the knxockers emanted. Mr. F&srn said that if it even wrere so, ist would nOt excuse th aocused; if a person were advised to do n unlawful thing, it wouldbe no justificationforitscommission. Defendant's advocate thought it would pelUiate the circumstances. The Major warmly repudiated the imputation throwa upon his wrife. Defendant's advocate proceeded- Phlibis had beea Living some dinner parties, to wich defendant wus invited. On GI of thore occamions another lady was present, and knocker-vwrenchin, came on the tqpir, when the ladies alluded to a neigour having a knock and spoke aboat its being taken, and the defendant, foolhshly-acting upcon the suaggestion, took the knocker. The Major denied that the matter was as stted, and expressedimself in term of indignation at his lady's name being handled in this wy. -Thme advocate said that the knockers were.evidentlymade playthlings for the children, and wanted to know,if proceed- igs wfere to be taken, why they wrere not produced before ' He repeated that, at the suggestion of the lades this mnatter had been done in sport-foolishly and- improperly, he admitted-for their amnusement, and they had connived at the practice. It waos a mecre jolce, and part of the same indiscretionl for which defendant bad been previously punished. He hoped it would be so considered, and that would save him the necessity of solictin a remand for tho production cf the ladies. The Major, who had again and again, with much wanmth, condemned defendant's conduct, and the course that was being taken in his behalf, complained of his having taken his youthful son to the most improper places, and made a boast of it, and said he had been expeled the hospital for his disgraceful conduct The accused denied the assertion, charged the lajor with bringing the matter foraurdin a most vindictive spirit, anD endeavoured to explain awy the imputation concerning the I31, admitting that he could not account for the posmession of the knockers. Mr. PAY2= commented at great length upon the evidence -which had been adduced, and saidthat he bad een induced to impose a mitigated penalty of 31 on the former occasion, believing defendant's statement that some one else had takentheknocker;buthe foundnowthathismiscidevous propensities had not been confined tothat act, andthat they had been psactised to some extent. If juitice had required the presence of the ladies spoken of, lie must have inisted on their coming forward, bnt it was u-ecessary, as defendant had clearly been proved in possession.of knockers unlawfully obtained, ondof which he could givenoaccount. He could easily conceive that a great many foolish things might be said over a dinner table in the presence of young persons, but who would ever fancy that they would Te car ried into effeet? And if anything had been said in the present case inadvertently upon such a subject, it urely could never have been conceived that it ws to be ated on and urged as an excuse for the commission of kn offence - forif everything that trnnpired inthis wavy were tobietei upon, sodiety would soon be in a very awkwsid position. ISoys brolce wi dows tbroughrnischief, and gentlemen exercisng propensities of a similar description must alike be punished HIe therefore lined the defendant 51 and costs The fine was immediatey paid. Mr. PAN=R handed our reporter a note intimating that a benevolent nobleman had given 50 tons of- oalsbto the poor of the metropolis, and begged to enclose him 3O tickes of 4cwt. ach for necessitous persons of his district, to be delivered gratuitoudy by Messrs. Rowton and Co., Belvidere7whanf, at the houses of the recipients. C_RXiNKswxsELs-The sitting magistrate handed the following letter to ourreporter, with a request thatvit mightbe noticed in this journal, ' 25, Coal Exchange, J3nuary, 1I6 'Sir,-A nobleman of Worcestershire has given 5D tons of coal towards alleviating the sufferings of the necessitous of the metro Uis during the winter. The Oxford, Woreester, a W^olverhampSo. M way Company have consented to cary tbe coals to London frec, udIfe=ss. Rowton and Co., of Belvidere-wharf, LaIbeth, have kindly undertaken-to deliver them gratuitously at the dwelling of the poor recipients. I have much pleasure in -placing at yonr diposal 30 ticke+s for 4 cwt each. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, W. P LLU'S, " Manger of the London coaltrade for the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverharmpton Railway Company." TheXagistrate also requested the aclcnowledanent of a check from the loeathersellers Comp ny for lOt; and 2L from "M. Z:Yfor MIrs. ;fary Bellard. the poor -Woman who was so dreadfully illused by her husband, the report oE which appeared in the newspapers of the 21 inst. TTeiix-Charles Baker, a watchmaker, aged 47, anti resdin at 3, Gray's-buildings, Kingsland-road, wasbrougbt before . YARDlY, Charged with stealing a quantity of goldandisilver watches, value ISOL, the property of his employer. Rhe prisoner wasremanded Sou80wm -Mary Bedington, a well kn6wn thief, wsho has been several times convicted, vas brotight before Mr. Coum, charged vith being concerned in committing t,he following daring highway -ohbbr William lRekied ayoung man nbout 20 years ef age, sated that on Satu evening, about9 o'clock, e was proceeding from 1kide to I.mehouse, and as he was passingunder the dry arch of Southwark.bridge the prisoneraccoeted him and endeavoured to detain him Xe Pushed her on one side and tried to get away, but she abruptly seixedhold of him and robbed him of his Purse, eontaming 3s., with which she ran o l He purued her, but three other women came up and dehined him, sQ that the prisoner escaped. He caled out for assistance, but the women in question treated himvery rouglybefore any person came, when the other woman cont#ed to get away. However he gave information to the police and succeeded in apprehending the prisoner in the peigbbourhood. Wltness was perfectly soberatthe tirntp, andhad notusedeanfamiliaTitywithher. iteile contrhetried all he coudu to get out of her clutches. Police-constable 91 said, that he thear! cries of 'eolice" on Bankaide, and on proceeding towards the bridge he saw the prosecutor, who told hin he had iust been attack}d androbbed ofhis purse, containing 3s rom the tion of the woman who he sid had robbedbins, witness weut in searh of the prisoner, and found her at heT lodr- gs, close by When told what she ws charged wit, ige denied being on Bank;side that evening. Witness, hor-~ ever, had seen her in the company of several notorious bad characters intbe early part of the evening, and had wared her away, well knowing her to bea thief. -i Mr. Coainnasked what wsknown of the prioiier? Police-consable 95 I said, she had ben tried and convicted at the Surrey Sessions for a similar robbery, and she had been several times summaily convicted. in fact she was one of the most desperate chiarcters en the Surrey sida of the water. The risonerdearedthat what the youngm an-had stted was ig faLs& She was not near Bankside at Vhe tmue, neitherhad she ever seen lim before The propecutoar was recalled and swore positdiely to the being the woman who robbed him, as ho saw her featres dacicnoitly. Xr. Co=E wordingl comritted ber for tial.
THE RUGBLEY POISONING CAES. , - THim 'QUEBT ON MTp. WALTER PALMER. RUGELEY, MONDAy REwNDiG Ihis morning, shortlyafter 9 o'clock, Mtr. William Webb Ward. one of the coroners for the county of Staford, and the same jury who were emoannelled on Friday and Saturday ast to inqutire into the caue of the death of 3M Anne Palmer opened an- inquest in the Town-hall here upon the body of Mr. Wal'er Palmer, who died on the 16th of August last, at his house in Castla-terrace, Stafford, under circumstances s3ch as to induce n suspicion tlat he had met 3ris death by unfair means. The courthouse was crowded tlhroughout the day, [as on the previous occasions, and the interest in the transactions under investigation increases with the progress of the inquiry. Mr. 1H A. Deane, solicitor, of Gray's-inn, again a-sisted at the investigation on the part of the Crown ; and 3Mr. WiWiam Palmer ,was, as heretofore, represented by his solicitor, Mr. Smnith, of Birmingham. Dr. Taylor, of Guy's Hospital, was also in attendance throughout the day. Mr. Henry Day, surgeon, of Stafford, was the first witness called.-He said, in reply to questions put by the Coroner -1 k-new thu deceased Valter Palmer. I was his medical attendant for about six weeks previous to his death. When I w-.s fl-its called in on the 7th of July, 1855, 1 fotud him suffering fromn chronic inflammation of the lungs. There -were also symptoms of affection of the liver and kidreys. I could trace no other discase. I prescribed for him, biut I did not makc up the medicin.es. They were comnpoundedI by a chymist at Stafford who makes up my medicines for me. I attended him at first every day, and afterwards nearly eve day. I attended him every day up to the 31st of Juy I do tot think .I sav him between that day tnd the 10th of the folloing Angust. I saw him on the latter day, and on the 1th and 12th of August. I called on the lOth and 14th, or on the 14th and 15th, but I cannot say which, and did not see him on either day. I next saw him on the 16th of August. The Coroner.-In what state was he then? Witness.-Iue articuto mortis; virtually, but not acth7a3y The Coroner.-What were his symptoms? Witness.-Convuisive twitchings of tle muscles of the left side of the face, and the left arm fell down, either by its, own nveight, or the motion wn-hich I perceived in it wvas de-, vived fro0m the body itself.l ilse Coro>ner.-Was there anything particular in the feat$ures9.-They wecre a little sw~o31en. The Coroner.-Wzat -a the colour of the face?-There was a little blucish look about it, but nothing to attract attention. The Coroner.-Did you certify as to the cause of death ?- I did. The Coroner.-What do vou believe he died from 7-I believe he died from afoplexy, and I certified to that effect. The hcaid was a little turned on one side towarcs the left, and there was a little liquid oozing from the mouth which smlct li'so brandy-wad-water. The Coroner.-Was he in bed orup when you saw him? -He was lying on the sofa dressed without a handkerchief to his neck, and his shirt coUar vwas umbuttoned. By Mr. Deane.-Waiter Palmer was not quite a stranger to me. I had previousl- examined him vith a view to a life asamrance on the 7th of April last, and fotund him generally healthy, with the exception of some little irregnar iin the beating of the heatrt, which might have been natural and not the remlt of disease. I signed the certificate for the Universal Life Assurance-office now produced, in reference to the deceased. This document stated that Mr. Walter Palmer was a man of temperate habits, with a stron- pulse at i0, with the action of the heart regular, and tiSat, in the opinion of the writer, his life was one on which it was perfectly safe to effect an assurance. Walter andWilliam Palmer were perfect strangers to mae at the time I made that examination. WFalter was introduced to me by his brother William. I had heard William Palmer's namp before, but had never seen him to my knowledge, Mr. Deanc.-lou state that his habiiaof lifewere regular. Howv could you state that when you knew nothing of himn? -The oudy means I had of knowing him w-as from his own and his brother William's representations. BMr. Deane.-From circumstances which shortly afterNards came to your knowledge were you induced to write a let+er to the assurance-office '--The letter was produced.)Yes; the letter put in was written by me. Mr Smith objected to the letter being read, alleging that it was not evidence. Mr. Deane said, he was desirous that theletter should a?ppear in the evidence of the witness, as tending to throw lfgnt upon it. bMr. Smith said, he had, no objection that it should be inown that when Mr. Day got information which induced him to alter his opinion of the deceased he communicated that opinion to the life assurance-office in London. The witness thought it was only fair to him that that should be made known. Mr. Deane.-By w-hom were you instructed to attend 7Walter Palmor in July last ?-His brother called upon me end requlested that I would see him professionally, stating that lie was exceedinglyill; that he (William Palmer) wa.s so mnuch occupied that he could not attend to him; that lie (Walter) had been drinking largely; that his doing so was then, and had been before a rontinual source of distress and msxiety to him (William), his brother, and, indeed. to all the family; and that if I could but get him well and break him of hlis intemperate habits he and the rest of the family woulu be everlastingly obliged to me. He also begged l would see him as oten as Ipossibly conld, thatI X-ould spare neithor trouble nor expense, and that whatever the expense might be he would defray it. I replied that I would attend him and do aU in my power for him, and as for payment I should not think of acceptin" any 5, he was the brother of a medical man. ?rf. William Palmer stated that he should not all0w me to nttend his broUteron any such terms, anh that if I would not attend -him and be paid as rn an ordinary ease he should apply to some other medical man. I answered that as nothing would - satisfy him hut p.arting w1ith his money, I would take all he chose to give me. (. la3ug,h) With that the interview concluded. MEr. Deane.-Can you describe what the prescriptions were you wrote for the deceased ?-I cannot; but the druggist is here who made up the medicine from them, and he can do so. The prescriptions were put in andidentified by the witness s being in his handwriting. He added that they were ma3de up by Mfr. MLarson, of Stafford. By the Gcraner.-I think I did not write any other prescriptions tn3sn those produced. I ordered them to be repeated. The prescriptson of the 7th of July last contained IIue-piUl, powdered opiumn, hemlock, henbane, and prussic acid. There was also a mixture containing carbonate of amanonin, compound infusion of gentian, compound tincture of camphor, and a litUle antimonial wine. Another prescription contained carbonate of potash, gum, sweet nitre, an siafusion of gentian, and an infuso of columbia. ser. Deane.-hat interval was there between your seeing him on the 31st of July and your next visit - I called on the 10th of August, and again on the 13th or 14th, or the 14th and l5th of Autust, Mr. William P3amer called at my house on the lOtt of August. I was out, but he saw my wife, and he left a message with her, that he wished me to see his brother, as lie had returned from Liverpool end had been drinking a ,reat deal toomuc. I called inmthehmornin.on the12thiof August on Mr. Walter Palmer, and, by own pointxient, again in the afternoon to see his brother millsam who, he said, was coming from Rugeley. When I called in the afternoon his brother Wilam opened the door to me. He said Walter was asleep, on the sofa, and that it was no use disturbing hin. The Wolverbampton races took place on the 14th and 15th of August. At Walter Palmer's house Isaw a person named Walleeden in attendance upon bhim.- Duig the last fewr times I wvas with Walter Palmer I had soe converstion with him about some pills. HIe said, on one occasion, "Doctor, those pills last night were twisters" (IAL laugh.) I asked him "What pills?' Be repled, *"Thoscyo,u sent, me last night." I said "1 sent you none." Heesaid, "You musthavedone so. Wil(meaning his brother) must have bad them either from you or from Marson, a chymi t in StSafford. He gave them tome oat of your %x." In consequence of that conversation I caused aninquiry to be made of Mr. Marson the druggist, but he could throw no light on the mxtter. By- M. Deane.-When I arrived it Castle-terrace on the 16thof Ast, to the best of my knowledge it woIld be half-past, or 12 in the-morning. That was after Walter Palmer had returned from Rugby, but I am by no means positive about the time within an.hour. I was sent -for to go andt see him. Walkeden fetched me. When I arrived I found him downstairs in the sitting-room. - 3Mr. Deane.-As no post inortem examination was made at the deAth, from what did you form your opinion as to the cause of death ?-I formed my opirion from my previous knowledge of his illness and habits. M r,Deane.-Did you know his life was insured? Witness.-At that time I did not. The Coronar.-You mean at the tine of his death?-Yes. tfr. Deane.-Did you suggest the propriety of apof morkees cxamination?-I did not.. I described the cause of deaeh ag apoplexy ana general visceral disease. Mr. Deane.-Which, in your opinion, was the cause of death ?-Apoplexy. Kr. Dease.-To what visceral disease do you particularly. refer?-The liter and kidneys. At the time of death (witness oontinued) there were preseut Mr. William Palmer, Mr. Walken and Mas. Walkeden, his sife. Except the administering of brandy or brandy-and-water, nothing had been done, I believe, to alleviate the saymptoms, and that I believe he could not awallo;. * Mr. sDeale.-Would you recommend brandy-ad-.water to a man troubled with apoplexy ?-It would depend misch on the state of the man at the time. It is possible, -taking into consideration his habits and his previous state, that a stimulant of tht L4nd would have been very necessary anad r and perhapz the only thing you could really ive. Mr. Deaane.-Would it have been proper to put his feet n hot water?-I think decidedl, so. - Mr. Deane.-Did you notice any other sall- than that of bramdy-and-water?-None whatever. .x.r. Deane.-Did you feel his pnle?-I did, and I felt whatlbeliei'edtobeonedistinct et. -- 3{r; Dene~.-Did your examnine the eyes.-I did; they wre ope, d the papils dilated. 3fr. Dere.-Admittiz the qmptoms to have been thoee of apoplexy, would you state that narcotle poison would not operate in fodneing apoplex'.T-A state strongly bordering upon it. There are several kinds of apoplexy. Mr. Deane.-Inour opinion, would a dose of nibrphia, administered.shortly before deatt, prodace the symnptous you saw- in- Walter Palnr t-I am not prepared to say that a d eei of morphi would or would not da so. Taking into consideration the state of the eyes,1 IIhiouluiuave expected niorphia to 'produce contration rather than dilati&a of the MIr. Desne.-Was there any hreathing when you sawr iim?.-Mone.- dr. odasoe.-In his tapte of he ltr would orwsould not a dose of narotic poisouproduica amore speedy efibet upon him than in the case of a healthy person ?-I. think it highly probable that it would. As a sedative, S narcoti%, properly applied, it might lmoa dedirablo remedy for X per3on in the state of Walter Falmer a few days teorehis deatb.- By Mr. Smith.-I was dependent for the fact of histalding my medicines upon-his owir statement and thoso of theyPersonsin attendaaiee upon him.- I did not hear of bis takng any medicine until the 3Lst of July. He died on *.e 16th of August. When we examine aper3on for an assurance-office We have not the saneoppoi.unities of examnination aswehave ittman ordutary case oS disease. It is not practicable to extramine further thaD a reference to the. state of. the heart and the lungs and pulse, and to ing9uir into the general j habits of the party inder consideration. By ,r. Snuth.--f . man was stubmitted to a more -rigid. examinationthan is practicable under the circumstances, you might detect a state of disease which Mou are liable to overlook in the ordinary examination. hen I examined Walter Palmer during hisillness I lookedinto the state of his urine, which was indicative of disease of the kidneys and stricture. There was also disease of the liver-namely, enilargement, great teaderness over the region of it, pai under the shoulder bladebone, and a cough, which was violent at times, accompanied with much expectoration, especially in the morning.n He also occasionally vomited larget quantities of bila. Hre had, besides, t sallow complexion, and the cengentiva of the eye8 were suffused. The liver, Ishould say, was primarily affected, and the lungs subsequtently. I v;as informued by his brother, William Palmer, that he h.ad suffered from idelliuer,t trernens.. Mr. Smith.-In consequence of his course of life, did you caution him '-Yes, repeatedly, and most urgeatl Mr. Smith. -Do you refer to taking drink.-Ycs, to his habits of drunkenness. 3fr. Smith.-Did he make any observation in reply to that caution ?-He gave me a volley of abuse. -4-1 . 3fr. Smith.-Did you ever see him in a state of drunkenness ?-I never saw him thoroughly sober. Mr. Smitli.-Do you think hlis mode of life tended to produee apoplexy?2-Yes. Mr. Smith.-Has drinLking, in your opinion, moro frequently produced apople.xy than paralysis 7.-It would depend mu ch on the general constitution of the man; but more frequtently apoplexy. 1'he paralysis might succeed the apoplectic seizure. YFou might have a patient passing from thle one into the other. Mr. Smith.-WVould you s&ay that the dropping of the arm, as seen in the easo of Walter Palmer, was indicative of paralysis 2-Taking into consideration his state when I sawV him, I cannot form an opinion. * -is- Mr. Snmith.-Do you know that apoplexy might take place witthout there bair,g anu effusion outside the brain and fromu the brain '-0 ves. Mr. Smithl.-3Iay there not be_eff.-sion on the brain .-' Mr. Smith.-Mlaydiseases existin the tissuewithoutbeing detected by the naked eye-in the kidneys, for instance ?- Ye, I should say they mnay, particularly in the early stages of the disease. Mr. Smith.-From your experience, would you say that WalterPalmer haddiseaseofthe kidneYs ?-I beIievehehad. Mr. Smith.-In cautioning him, did you say that unless he altered his course of life, he would go off suddenly, and shut up like a knife 2-On the 10th of August I told him it was but little use my seeing him, and still less use for me to send him medicine, and that if he did. not-at once desist from his then course of life he would shut up as rapidly and .securely as the knife I held in my hand, wvhich I shnt in his presence to illustrate my armnient. Ile replied that I was a - Methodist parson (iaughter), and that I had better get out of the house; and I did get out of the house. Ele was thea in a state of drunkenness. His conversation. was a parcel of rambling nonsense, almost approaching to delirium. -Mr. Smith.-You say that he characterized some pills which he stated he took as "twisters;" did he say in what way they woer so ?-No. i - Mr. Smith.-Was that after you had given him the pills ? -I bad sent him no pills at that time, or for some time previously. He said the pills he describel as .twistes ' were given him by his brother William. I should say he always talked in a wild delirious manner, and the most preposterous nonsense-for instance, offermig to give me horses, and the like. Mr. Smith-From your intercourse withWalterPalmer and his conduct during several interviews could you place any relianco in anythimg he said !-I never knew when he was telling me the truth or the reverse. I thougiht it strange that his brother should have given him pills, but I did not attach much importance to what he said. WYhat ho said about the ps might be true or it might not. Thz *ext time I saw Wiliam, before the death of Walter, I told him what Walter had said about the pills, and he denied having given him any, and said ther tory he had told was all "bosh." Mr. Smith.-I ill ask you again; bearing in mind the whole statement you have siade, what in your opinion was the cause of Walter Palmer's death?-I have stated my opinion in the certificate whvich I gave. Mr. Smith.-That he died from apoplexy?-Yes. Mr. Smith.-Do you still adhere to that opinion .-I still adhere to that opinion, and shall continue to do so -unless I have it modified or biased by some strong proof that I mayhear to the contrary. I (continued toc witness, in reply to further questinns by Mrr. Smith) did not attend the postmortem eaminmation. I -as not asked to do so, nor did I knoew when or where it was to take place. It is usual for the medical man in attendance at the time of death to perform the post mor lcm examination when necessary-rt all events to be present at it. I am quite clear the pupils of the eyes were dilated. The Coroner.-Did you ever say you thouglht Walter Palmer was Poisoned 7.-Never. Mr. Smit.-Was there any pespuration upon Walter Palmer when yor went to see him and found him dead!There ivas a dampness and humidity of the skin. Nothing more. bMr. Smnith.-Was there any heat about the head ?_-o. I exanineed his hand, the upper part of his chest, - his throat, and his forehead, and theywere all in a cold, clammy moist state. There was no profuse perspiratior. - Mr. Smith.-Have you ever witnessed a case of poisoning by morphia ?-Never. I have been poisoned myself by opium. (A laugh.) I mean I have suffered from a poisonous dose of opium. - Ajiurynian .-Did he appear to have undergone an3ychange on the morning wihen he said the pills he had taken were " twisters?'-I noticed no change whatever from his state on the previous day. Er. Smith.-1 read this passage in Dr. Taylor's book on poisons:*- "As a summary it may be stated that the .syptomsprodneed by merhia consist in dimness of sight, weakness and relaxation oft emuscular system, tendency to sleep, stupor, loss of consciousness, coma, stertorousrespiration, and, more commonly than in poisoning by opium, there aro convulsioes. According to Orfila, in 19-20ths of all cases, the pupils (of the eyes) will be found strongly contracted, -a statement whie I beoieve to be correct. The few exceptional cases were those in.which the dose was excessive, and the symptoms rwere unusually violent. The state of the pupils gave rise to great differenice of opinion ameng the medical witnesses on the trial of Dr. Castaig.L The condition of the pulse varies greatly. In some cases there isgreat irritation, with itching of the skin, iand irritability of the bladder, with difficulty of passing urine. Vomiting and diarrhcoe have been met with in those instances in which the dose vras large." - - Did you see any of these symptoms in WVater Palmer during yourattendance upon him, and immediately before his death ! -No; I saw, none of themn, hearing in mind howf much I sawv of him. By Mr. Deane.-His tongute had a tremulous motion, as had also his hands, which was indicative of dcZi,iiuz trentenm. When I first attended the deceased he told me he was in the habit of drinking from a bottle to a bottle and a-half of gin of a night. Just before he went to liverpool he admitted he had reduced himself so low as half a bottle of a ni"ht, which I thought was a good beginning, and he was then much better. When I saw him on his return from Liverpool he was as bad as bad could be. I partly recommended him to goto Liierpool for the sake of the accomn,iodation in the way of baths which he would get there, and which I thought would be beneficial to him. - -Mr.- Smith.-Do-you mean to say he vwas dirty in his habits?-Without saying he was dirty, he was the opposite of clean. (A laugh.) The Coroner.-Do you know if Liverpool Races were about the time he went there .-I cannot say. - The Coroner.-Fromiv-what cause do vou think the apoplexy arose ?-Froin the state of disease f believed himto be in and from his habits. II had regard also to his hereditary predisposition-bis father having died, I believe, of apoplexy. - . , The Coroner.-Vhy did- you tell him -that uinlesshe chsngedIns coumse of life he would shut up likce a knife!9I to7 him so for this reason. Drankards are riot infreqmently in the -habit of retching violently on taking their irst dramsin a morning, and as Walter Palmer told me he always did so with his I considered that, from the diseases I believed he suffered from, there might be a diseased coniition of the vessels of the brain, and that when these vesads were subjected tothe course of an increased flow of blood, as is -ay the case during vomiting, some of them would most probably give way, and ipoplexy be the result. Isaidthatto him, first, because Ithought it probable apoplex would take place, and, secondly, in the hope- that it rd arrest him in his intemperate career. I ought also to say that his brother William was present when I told h;m-so. B. the Coroner.-It was between the 31at of July and the 10th of Anigust when he said the pills he had taken were "t,twisters"-some days before his death. 'Mr. James Marson, examined by the Coroner.-I am chymist residing at Stafford. - I make up medicines for Dr. Day. - I produce certain prescriptions sent -by him to me, dated July 7 and July 9, 1855, and the 10th of Auguat, 1855. I prepared the- medicine, according to the prescriptions, for Walter Palmer. The mrxture of the 7th was made - up only once. - The pills were repeated several times. The uresEcritions were made 3p on the days on which they bear aate. The mixture was repeated, with a small addition, every two or three days up to the 31st of July, which was the last time it was prepared. I nade up the pilLs on 'July 7, and they were repeated four times, I beheve, -'between that day and the 31st of July. On tha 10th of August I made up two composing pills, con- aini g (in the t*o) three grains and nhalf of blue pill, and eight grains and' a-half of Dover's powder, to be taken at bedtime. That., is all the medicine I supplied for Walter Palnra I pioducea boffle prepared from the same presription as the mixture of July 9, with subseqent additions of three drachmr of tincture of squills and half-an-ounce of compound tincture of camphor. I believe ald the mixtures made up for Walter Palmer by me were in bottles similarly labelled to the one I produc Between the 5th and 101h of August, 1855, no medicine had beeri supplied for several ds to Walter Paimer by me. I did not make up any medicine for William Pahner. I think I 'do not kiiow him persorj; and he was not known to the young man in my shop. I am not aware that any pills were made up for him in my shop. We only supply prausip acid to medical men whom we know, and therefore none would be supplied from my shop to Mr. William Palmer. I am not aware -that any prescription s made up for a stranger in my establishment. H there had it would have been entered in the book, and no such entry appears there. Lncy Walkeden, examined by the Coroner, said, -I an the wifo of Thomas Walkeden, who is a corn agent infZrlestreet, Stafrord.' I knew- Walter Palmer, and was much with him dcning his illness. - While he lived in Castleterrace I and my husband slept in the house he occupied there about four months. For two or three months before he died he was very oosly. HIo had' a very bad couglh. -By M£r. Dsane.-1 remember-bis going to Liverpool and returning about the 8th or 9th of August last. When he returned he wa very poorly, anld complained of a bad cold. I don't remember tho day of the w eekCon which he returned. £e came -home in the evening. MAr. William Pahner was not there vhen he returned. After his return ho was enabled to go out. He Was taking medicine from Dr. Day, but I could not say what it was. He continued about the same for some time. I recollect his-going to Wolverhampton. Ho went on the second day of the races, which I bMilevo was the Tuesday, the 14th of August. He started to go on the Monday, but was not well enoutgh he was, in liuor and returned after going as far as the bridge. He roturned some time between 11 and 12 in the morning, and stayed at home for the rest of the day. I cannot say what he had to eat that day,. as I was not there the whole of the day. I sometimes cooked hia dinner. but he took so little to eat at all times that ho seldom caredabouthisdinner.Whenldidnotcookforhimmy'hisband did. He usedgenerallytohelp himselftohismedicine. lused to return to his house at various times in the evening, but generally between 8 and 9 o'clockc. I don.'t recollect where Walter Palmer was ou the Monday evening when Ireturned, nor do I remember whether I prepared anything for him. 3r. William Palmer was not there, nor did I see him there that day. On the Tuesday morning he (Walter) was in lquor, and ho got up and would go to the races'at Wolverhampton. Mly husband or I alw.ays took him a cup of coffee into his bedroom every morning, and he hai it that mornin7 in tle usual way, but without anything to eat with-it. Wiliam Palmer was not in the house that morning. My husband went to Wolverhampton with him. I was not at Castle-terrace vhen he returned, but I returned there that eveningto D eane.-Hlow was Walter Palmer when he canie back ?-He was very poorly, and went to bedabout9 o'clock, or half-past 9. He complained of pains in his limbs, and said he had taken cold. I don't remember whether he was sick, or whether he had anything to eat before going to bed; but he helped himself to drink. William Palmer was not there that day. On the Wednesday 'Walter -Palmer was in liquor all the day. I was not there myself all that day, but I heard my husbind say he wvas in liquor throughout the day. lIe :was_in liquor whenl ho got up in the morning. *He dressed, camne downstrairs and had his coffee, but vomited it afterwards. He did not take any of MIr. Day's mtdicine that I saw. I don't know whether he went out that day. I generally left between 8 and 9 in the morin, but I cannot say what time I left that particuLar Mornin. Mr. lWilliam Palmet was not there while I was there. VWhen I returmed in the cveningl Walter Palmer was in bed. I cannot say exactly what! time in the evening that was. He comnlained of being very poorly. I sab him in his room. IHe said he had takeu cold and had pains in his limbs. I made lhim some arroxvroot, as I always did at night. Heo took it during the night. He took it that night, not before going'to bed, but before the mormnng came. I cannot say whether he had anyiedicine that night. 3yhiusband didnot sleepinhisrooin. Mr William Palmerdidnotcallonthe Wednesday. WhenI car, e avay from the house on the Thuisday morning Walter Palmer was up, and had had his coffee. It w.as taken upstairs to him, but I did not see him take it. I left the house about 9 o'clock. I cannot say he was an early riser; he somletimes lay in -bed till 11 o'clock, and sometimes he was downstairs at 9. I did not see lIn again that day until I was sent for betwveen 11 and 12 in the morning. My own little boy catne for 2se, saying, "Mfr. Walter Palmer vas ill," and I weut down to the house as- fact as I could. I got there about n-auarter past li 'clock. I found Mr. William Palmer in the house and Mrs. Phillips, the next-doer neighbour. Dr. Day, who had also been sent for, entered the house just as I 'was going in. Mr. Deane.-Vhat state was Walter Palmer in?-Ie was lying on the sofa and just dead. Mr. Deane.-What w-as the appearance of his faco9.-His eyes were a little open, and there was a black hue spread over his features. Mir. Deane.-Was he breathing perceplibly when you came ?-Hc was not breathing at all Mr. Deane.-Did yeu notice any neculiar odour or smell in the room ?-No, I did not perceive any. M{r. Deane.-Did you lay out the body ?-I assisted another person to do so. I did not see any thing particular about it. The limbs were quite pliable, and the hands were damp, moist, and quite open. Mr. Deane.-Was there anything particularly ghastly or horrible about the features ?-The face was a little drawrn on the left side. The body (she continued) was placed in the vwooden coffin as soon as it could he prepared for it; and I believe the leaden coffiin came on the Saturdav, whe n the body was placed in it, and it was finaUly fastened down. Mr. Deane.-Had you any conversation vith Mr Phillips on the subject of the death s-I think not. Mr. Deane.-Did you say, "It is a very singular thing; they say he has been poisoned '"-I did not say that. ° By M1r. Smnith.-Walter Palmer rambled in his talk sometimes. He spoke as though he was drunk. Hle wasi very often very drunk indeed. He coughed violently inI the morning, and was generally sick as welL -He always took gin into his bedroomn at night-abont three parts of an ordinary gin bottle, which was generally empty in 'tlhe morning. A--nin the inorning, if he ha no gmn, he would drink brandy. lie would drink a quart of gin in the day. His.eyesq were bloodshot, at times, and -ollen.- When he had been vomiting very hard his eyes appeared as though they were starting out of his head. He had had delirium729 tremcn.s. I was present ouce when he hadc it. He was at times very excitable and violent ins his manner. I don't know that he ever threatened to do my husband any harm He died on Thursday, the 16th of August. He had been very poorly all the week. A Juryman.-What means had you of knowing that he drank two pints of gin in the day s-I have seen hum do it. 'Mr. Deane.-Who paid forthe gin?-IHe himself, I suppose. By a Suryman.-I did not fetch the gin into the house for him. I took some upstairs every evening, and filled up the bottle again in the morning before I left. A Jurynan. -Then, youi h. d a cask in the house ?-Sometimes I left (she continued) the house on the Tlursday morning, the day he died, about 9 o'clock. I had not seen any medicine given himn-on the day he died. By Mr. Deane.-Some wet was running from his mouth as he lay on the sofa. - Thomas Walkeden, the husband of the preceding witness, said,-I am a corn agent living in Erle-street, Stafford. I knew Walter Palmer. and was generally in his company. He boarded with minmyown house, and from there he went to a houise in Castle-terrace, in April, 1855. I accompanied him there. He had been unwell for twvo or three months before he died, independently of the attack of dedirium tremens which he had in my house. The illness which resulted in his death had been coming on him for some time, as he w-as continually drinking. He was on what I would caU the " sober tack" just before going to LiverpooL. He had brought himself down to about half or three- uarters of a bottle of gin a-day, after being accustomed to drink double the quantity. When he-returned from Liverpool he seemed wel enough as far as I couldjudge. He said he had had several glasses on the wvay between iSverpool and Stafford. He came back on the 8th or 9th of August, between 1l and 12 o'clock atniht. He retuned alone. He bad nothing to drink that night in the house until after he went to bed. I took him his usual compazions on- retiring for the night-the gin bottle and a water jut. The bottle would perhaps be about three parts fiUed with gin.. The next day he drank very freely. He had several glasses in my presence before 10 o'clock. I took him a cup of coffee that morning between S and 9, whicl he drank, but soon vomited it, as he usually did, especially when he was drinkingr more than ordinarily. After his return from Liverpool he said he had got a violent cold, and complained of stiffness and uselessness of his limbs, and he took a good deal of hot gin and water, in the hope that it would relieve his cold. Iwaswithhimthe morningonwhich he died. I went with bin to Wolverhampton on the second day of the races there. He was very much in liquor when vre started. We retuned to Stafford about half-past 6 the same evening. When we were oui the racecourse he drank a few glasses of gin and water. I saw him have two. I left him on one occasion forubout ten minutes on the course. He bet the price of a new hat with a nan on the course on one of the races, but no mnoney. He was very. tipsy on returning to Stafford, and had three or four glasses of gin and water when he gat hoMe. Ihad' a mutton chop -provided for bIim at Wolverhampton, but' I don't think. he ate more than an ounceof it, andthat was all the solid foodhe had that day, He went to bed that nightabout lOo'clock, havinghis-usua companion, the gin bottle, with him. He caUed me up once or twice during the night, and when I went to'him he said Jae was bad, and wanted something to drink. Igave him some gin and water on each occasion. I usually took his coffee up -to him, and I believe I did so on the Wednes day niorning. He rosy that morning about 10 o'clock. He was -certainly not sober when he got up. It was his geneial habit to say when he got up of a morning, ."Come, let us have another ' tot' (gIass)," and I used to replenish his glass. He was drinlihg the whole of the day before the one on which he died. He caUled me up once or twice in the night before he died. The last time he called me I did not go until four orfive minutes had elagsed. I heard him out of bed, and went into his room. He was then in the ict of jumping into bed agvain, I noticed a sudden change inhis face, which became bladckfor about -half a minute; *hiseyesflashedina peculiar way, and he had a difficulty in breathing. - I had previously noticed a similar changee in hinm after he had,been drinking hard,-forinstance, when he had drunk a ful! la of gin at atime. When Isaw biasin thatexcited statel aked im what he had been doing. -He laughed, andI lookedatthe ginbottle, whichwasempty. Isaid "This is whatyouhavebeenat" (tpointing to the gin bottle). *He laughed again, and said the bottle ran out. " Aye," I replied, "it runs out at the top, indnot at thebottom." Itiink I stayed a quarter of an hour withhimiintheroom, and "chaffed' hima little 'about letting the bottle run out. This - was about 8 o'clock in the morning, and- I fetched him a cup -of coffee, and left it with him. He-got up about 9; or; halfhpast 9, that morning, and came owstairs. IHe had nothing to eat when-he came down but he took i glass or two of gin ad m the first thing. In an hour or an hour and a- h alfafterwards ke might have-three or. four glses of gin and water. I was with him just before his death when he as talken il E was taken unwell when sitting in an easy chair inthe front room. Hesaidto me, "Help ineto the sofa for I feel very il1," rwhich I did. HEs brother WiIliun was then present,;having arrived about half or threquarters of an our before. He-ad nothing to drink, while his brother William ,wag there, to my knowledge. When he was taken to the seof -he was sick, which he had frequently been before. 1 think I was with him the whole ofthetimethathis brother was present, except when, on hisa'eing siek, Iwent to thehkite en to fetchx basin, and I was not more than a minute away. A Juryman.-Did you get 3Mr. William Palmer any brandy for his brother .-I believe I gothim one bottle but that wa not on the day on which he died. After he vas attked his face becamive'Ve z blac]; the-aoer. sPiration stood on his counteiiance lfle eas,nd his head hulver the nd of the sofa. I ran to the kitchcn for t mPamor inunediately, and told kimi'to come and bee the state of his brother- . I cannot 'y.wheth his eyes wero opei or not, but he snored very hard, as he usually did when asleep. When William eame he said, "Good God; ho is in a fit." I asked him what could be done. He said he did not kimow. v He felt his pulse and examined him in different parts, and ordered me to get some hot water in which to put his feet, which I did, and applied a wet cloth to iiS forehed. WVo did everythng that could be thou,,ht of. I had suinmoned Mrs. P>hilp3, a nei3hbour, andI left her in the house while I ran for Dr. Day. Walter Palmer was then dying. When I returned from Dr. Day's hc haid just breathed his last. The witness ws still nder ex.3mination rwhen our report left.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~S
THE HOSPITALS AT SCUTABR. The following is a nominal return of deaths mi the hospitals at Scutari between the 23d and the 31st of December, 1855:- Lnnce-Corporal Wiliam Stagg, 41st Regiinent, febris; Privates' John Drew, lot Royal Dragoons, contusion; and James Cook, Lst Royal Dragoons, diarrh" a; Corporal Alfred 'Vhite, 4th Light Dragoons, 'diasrhlea; Dxivers James Campbell, Land Transport Corps, hiemoptysis; *and Joseph Sasa, Land Transport Carps, febris; Muleteer Luigo Calaphuto,- Lxand Transport Corps, febris ; Privates Jolm Gregory, Oth Dragoons, febis * Joseph Janowrkie Polish Legion, pneumonia; Peter Smith, Gth Dragoons; febris; and James Lester, Royal ArtiUery, dysentery; Labourer Carlo Saint, attached to the Land Transport Corps, typhus; Engineer William Patterson, ship Andes, febris; Private Francis Powir, Land Transport 'Corps, diaxrhcea. Number of burials at Scutari between the 23d and 31st of December-14. Number of sick and wounded in the hospitals at Scutari on the morning of the 31st of December-Officers, sick, 53; non-comnmisiomnd oficers, drumuer, 'and privates, sciX, 1,162; ditto, wounded, 1L In General Hospital, sick, 4S9 ditto, wonnded, 6; Barrack Hospital, sick, 518; ditto' wounded, 5; Kulualee Hospit-l, sick, 156-total sick, 1,162; total voumded, 11. Invalids to England on the 24th of Dceember, 1855-2 sergeants and 47 rank and fie.
COEINT-GABRDEN THEATRE. The last tricl; played by the " Wizard of tho North" is by no meanis his worst. AU the bottles, boxes, extinguisher.s, &c.. that constituted the apparatus of his "Mlagic and Mystery" have clean passed away, a.d he has suddenly raised in their place a whole company to support the musical drama, Bob Boy, transforming into the "bold outlaw" no less a person than hinself. When Mr. Anderson announced in that large type of which ho makes such artistic use that he was about to play Roe! Roy we firmly believe that many persons expected something exceedingly odd; so completely had he becolns associated in every mind ith the idea of ligerdemain, that it wvas difficult to disunite him from the conjuror's art, and conecive him going steadily through al bit of hi-stridsic business. Moreover, Rob Roy is scarcely a part to be stage-struck about, Iike Othello or Hamlet. It is a good melodrainatic character, the personation of which hardly secures a sufficient feed of bay leaves to gratify a morbid appetite for fame. Why should the "Wizard cf the KNorth'" undertake Rob Poy? Tho answer to this question is so excessively simplo that few, probably, have hit upon it. Mr. Anderson has elected to play Rob Btoy, because-strange reason !-he can play it very well. We do not mean to say that he brings out every detail of which the part is susceptible, but his general rendering has a hearty, bold bluffness about it that is exceedingly wveh maintained throughout, and most adequately conveys the notion of one of thoso doughty heroes wnith whom strength of body was of more importance than intellectual superiority. On more than one occasion tho outlaw has to menace others of the dramatis personm in good set terms, and the conviction that these menaces could easily be carried into execution was not to be avoided. From the beginning to the end of the piece we lwere impre3sed wvith the belief that Bob Roy could have thisashed the rest of the characters aU round wi'thout the slightest fatigue tohismuscles. And this was done vithout any foreedmanner. WVe had before us a good, steady, sober, business-like piece of acting. The company who rally round the chief consists of 3rs J. W. Wallacl, than whom a better Helen Macgiegor could not be found; ;Mr. Gourlay, who plays the Bailie Nicol Jarvic with a very mild Doric accent, but with considerable humour; Miss Earriet Gordon and MTr. George Perren, whio execate the mnusic respectably, the gentleman nobly abstaining from even an attempt at histrionic deline& tion; Mfr. Sam Cowell, who, on the other hand, is evidefitly of opinion that too much cannot possibly bo maade of 'MajorGalbraith; and Mr. Pearson-theHenryVMf. of the pantomime-who infuses much wild character into the " Dougal creature." -As for the acting of the masses, which are numerically very strong, it is better than we recollect to have seen in any previous representation of the piece. The picturesque grief attending the " Och houe a rie 3" asid the tumulh3ous exultation that -last night thrilled through the multitude when the lost chief unexpectedly returnod, and every rocky platform was alive with joyous movement, was capitally managed. Nor should we forget Mfr. Loder's conduct of the music, which was, on the whole, creditably executed. The crowded audienee seemed delighted at this revival of this once popular piece, roaring at the jokes of the Bai'le, sympathizing with the olltlaw, and shouting approbation, long and continuous, on the descent of the curtain. But could not Rob Roy be made a trifle shorter than Haml I
ATTACE mr JAcKAs.-The foflowing extraordinary instances of what jackals will do when pushed by hunger we have received from a party whomv wc can rely upon for their truth: -" While in the refreshment-room at Raneegunge on the 10th inst., alongwith fire or six friends, at about 9 o'clock in the evening, a jackal came and laidhold of one of our partWs legs, passing under the table, and walked out of the room, as if quite accustomed to it. At about 10 o'clock the same night one of Mr. Rose's bearers was laid hold of, but fortunatelyP escaped with his blanket split in two. At about 3 in the morning a Coolie employed on the rail was laid hold of by his cloth while asleep; finding something pulling, hb awoke, having justtime to save his cloth, when a jackal seized him by the eyebrow and there hung. The Coolie, endeavouring to shake him off to no purpose,- caught him by the throat, and thus held him until the brute was cut through with a swqrd by a chowkeedar. The wound on the eye vwas frightful; he was sent up to the surgeon at the camp, where our friend went also, and had two pieces cut out of his leo the size of rupees. Thus yoi will see that the residents have more to fear than the Santhals."-Indix paper. THE TDIAN PREss oN x'WAn.-The object of the war is not, and never was, to destroy Russia; but the mere capture of Sebastopol, the annihilation of its fleet and its fortifications, clearly do not afford any of those material gtarantees which alone can prevent-the repetition of her aggressive policy, which the successes and present position of thallies justify them in desanding' and' to make peace without which would -be vitull to have wasted al the blood and treasure so lavishly potared out by them. Were theyo now to rest on their arms, satisflied with what' they have alreatdy achieved, it may be granted that they agemtor a eons tine to come have crippled Russi'1s5 povwer for evil, but their evacuation of the Crimea would be the signal for Russia to repair her losses, to rebuild her fortresses and her navy, and ultimately to raise upon the ruins of Sebastonol a second stronghold mtore impregnable than the first. The Crimea and the superiority, in the Black Sea- must be held; and,l were Rnuasia now reduced'to such extremity as would induce her to consent to tlbese terms, together with some tangible srcurity against re-enslaving the tribes of the Caucasus, a safe basis-would be established for a cessation of hostilities; but it is beyondhope that Russia is as yet prepared to submit'to such hmlniliation, and nothing shNrt of this, we apprehend, would now satisfy the allies. We ase no prospect of any imuediate peace-en the contrary, between to probabilities, thb t of theapresent war vecoming far more extensive and general thalr it earer yet hvas been res to preponderate.- i c n ao AtLt encctm. Mxa. COBDEh''S rAMIHIE.-We canot -close 011'. obsrCvations on the war withont adertsinz to another attempt on the part of 6 r. Cobden to h ivlead-public opinion on this aUx-absorbing thseme. In i havnpget, to hiech heo has insolently and arrogantly appended tnhe title of" the nextand- nZeX:t" he has issued a series of proguostications, which are intended to. dishearen the nation for the futulre, and to deride what has been done in the pastNothing is easier than to affirm'that tbo allies cannot swrallow up7itussia Las e has absorbed smaller States, and then to -raise a bullying horselaugh at -their expne But this is not the wi-sh or object ,of the 'alhea. Ilhen wewere at war w,ith Napoleon I., it was not with the intention of m.aking Paris ani Bnglish capital, and anue.xinz Frauce to our shores.'- Tbere is no dispote,, therefore, with Mr. Cobiden oxver the' question of Russia?s safetyr in her uunwieldy extenalvenees. But if,-:having ermshed' Sebastopol, w..e should next crash-Cronstadt; if, having nihlated the Russian Black: Sea fleet, we shou, d nexat destroy that- in the B.iltic;' if, havingO cost -Russia not far short of 400,000 soldiers :in the west, we shall make her give the blood of 100,000. more in defending' St.- Petersburg;- and we leave ber impoverishedj- isolated, and powrbrless a;nong the nations ofEuropeo'andwhehL tlie-question "What nextf ' istrW posed to-us, the awerwvdll not he difficult. Russia wit be tn no condition to resist the terms of the allies, an& these will impose upon her such a tightened sorewr as vill keep her marauding hands off her neigbbour's territory in future. Were lMr. Cobden to ask us, "' 'hat next 1" in reference to himself, we shlould reply, -"Resign your seat for the WVest Riding of Yorkshire. the opinion of whtose inhabitants you no lo nger reprdsent."-Sleffidd Tim et,
SALES BY AUCTION. Seven Ricks of Hay. ME SSRS. HERON and SON ara instructed to SELL hy A TION, on the Premises, Croxley Hall Fa. near-Rickma3neweth Hets, near the Grand Jnnction Canal, To-morrow .Tanuary 16, at I, SEiVElN RICKS of capital CLOVER: and 1tIO1i Y. lortler partIculars to be bad oS es. Heron and 8ons,auetioneers, Uxbnidge, lMiddlesex. To IJnendrapers, 51lknermee Habuddash and Hosier. E9RBURTON wi31 SLL by mA- x=LTIO, a ki Pc, 3 Bradwvav, Ludrate- on Thunsday, .Januaryl17, atl10 for 11 punctuall', the STCEinTRlAI)Eof Mr. U'. B. Gregory. Miarlborough, comnprising a general assortmuent, and alas-ge quniyf li ods nncut, and nansal quantity of good cutlery. vaverwedo esay and catalogues had at the rooms. or bym,ost Notice.-Sale of the Caledonian-oad Chare4 advertised for the =2d instant. MI{.eORP1WOOD is instructed to announce that the SALE by AUCTION of the CAT DONIAN-nOAD CHAPEL, Islington, will NOT TA PIACE, the mortgagee's claim having been thr dly liquidated-Auction offices, Astillery-plae, Flusbury-square. January l2,186. lie Janica Riggs, an Insolvent.-To Ilightermen and otheri. JMjR . ROBERT REID) will SELL by order of the v Provisional Assignee, at lr. Peache's gays, Belvidere-road. Larbetli. on Thurday. Januar 17, at 11 for 12 pi.eisely. THEE BARGES, named the Sophian Loeisa, nsd Harry, on40,d35 and 25 tons respectively. Mbay be vewed to-morrow,eandemorningosale. Cata iogneohaw atrthe wl3zr, and of Mr. Robert Reid, 48. GreatMarl Furniture, 500 vlse. of eatandcarceBooTl1rpairnodfLadies' St quality. FrenchBPoots and Shoes, &c. SSRS. PEARSL and ELIODRT will SELL bS AUCTIOWN at their Ereat Rooms, 28, Chancery-lne, on Thursday, January 17, at 121cr 1. good seeond-namd d HOUtEHOLD library, and Offic FIJIINITURE, for bed rooiME, dining`and drawing rooms, and domesti offices of the usual description; iron deed boxes, alawlibrary, andafwmiscel aneousandie iorhe stoclnof a ladies' bootmaker, from th wesTe ON uiew the day priorC d m torning ofsale. Catalogues ready. BurtonJcrescent.-raceent molern Furniture and Eecs ESSRS. PEARSALL andJORDENf will SELL stet by AUCTION. on the Pres, 23, Puton-crescent. To-morrostt Jan 16th, at 12 forL, thefexce2 Itmodem nBUITcorp vasg a rosewood drawinghroom suite i dmask, chimney and pier ecurtains and cornices mahogany bookcaes, aet of diiint iabe, sideboarand har, mhoanytfoer-ostand other bedsted sudbedding.,wardrobes, chests of draweres Brussels, Turkey, and other carpets, china, gl, eur -ntensl anlhu otheritedst Ma be viewed ihedaypreviousto andpitmingofesal, ndatalobeskhadonthJe cuses; andofethe auctioneers 1, Bernard-street, nussell-square. lFleet-street.-To Booksiellers, Publishers, Printers, te,~ L LR.J. Fo RBER has receaved C nstaructioAs to J GnAsIRttoSALER by AUCTION, S pE n the PreAseTI 2 at astreet, on Thursdayz JanuarY 26, xt-12, thoeENEl'ICALff LSE oDl the Tory deorable1rI61-O held loransmexpiredterm of about 20 yeas, at the very inadeOuste rent of £200 per annum; compriing an attractive sop and dweelling-house of four tetriesewithoprivatentrance in Lalcon-urUt, and wso in n therer.w heich has been ocncuied as a booaelle n s nearlyna centudi,althonghre adaptedrto other trades. may be iewed, and particulars bad of Mears ophurat, OldJeary; ana of r. Furtlev. auc ioneer, On, idke-stleet, Mandcesterosquare. Long lersehold Esttes, Hampstead-road, Camden-road VTimber arx iRB. GAIRDNE will SEL tby AUCTIOn, ath a FeLnGtrrawatso, on Monday, Feb. 42 xt12,.by order of te Execut of Mr. A, R. Rogers, F;OURwel-built HOlJES, being Ni5 36,-Aibert treet, forarlngton-qrescentu al7tad 121, StanhioPe-street, Hanpstead.o rad; and 10. lRehester-rosi'l Camden-villas. The w hole hl o hldong1 terms, and producing £200 per annum. The several houses1maybs viewved,by leave of the tenants,10 dais prior tothesale, andp-ti. culars had of W. Upwardo Ep. solintor 3 Coprha. l coutt, cty, at -.,arrawvayf; and at the office of !Br. Gairdner, 159, Tottenlrao court. French andtu a aLs, M:. EDWIN WHbITE will SELL bv AUClION, LVJ. without reserve, at 170, Bishoprgate-strMet Wi bout, TO-morrow January ld, at 1 precisely, about S,ODQ pieces of the moso L-islioable PAPERIIAIiGGH , in numberles oelefant patterns-a con- aigment (just from Paris) of several hundred pieces of superb Frtnch ha ngings and decorations, incding rich corners, borders, CntreS, and SIingainsiew and chaste designs for the forthromingeason ,a bout 20 - marble chimney-pieces, and upwa4rds of a grosjs of painters?end plas. t erers' tools sad brushes, On view dayprior and morning of sale, when catalognesmzay behad.:.m Bicdiey, uey-Very ulmiertantsd Saer of 05-rate Elm anlserani .oter res,-Y Mr. DllRHAM. atthre Eight Bells Publle-houss^ in Bletebley, close to theflletoliley Statien.on the LondonandNorth xWestern Hallwayt and within a mile of the Grand Junction Canal, at Penny Stratfors', on Tuesdayv, Jan, 22, AE, QU.lT -100 Elm Trees qf very large drrmensions, £3..^ and of, tlse best quality, two very large wanlut trees, aad other timber, so sinii<dlnijrlazed and numbered on the Bletcbley Estate. Trhe avenuems in whi,iih the elms are standing axe well kfnowrn to the public, and need no-tiosment. The sale Wdill take plaae at 1 o'clock. Uat.loguea may be had on applicatolen to Mfr. Lucas. the tenant. who will them the timber; at the place of sale; or at the orfice Of M5r. Durbarn, land agent, aus-eeyor, =, Stony Stratford.-- Onus-square, Bayswater.-Superior Modern Hlouseho:d Furniture, 6ji OctsvTePisnofca-te. Engravns Paintings, Oruaments, and lifeets. MR.GEO. . DEEsKSes og-to announce thai he will SE,-y AUyCTION, -on thi Preceses, No. 4~ Orals-Squre, Baywater-road To-morrow 'Jrrusv-16. -t lt for 12o'lrloeek puotuatly the modern EfOUSp8HO1) PUtITIJM!: of the sha ds. fdEbrtifhdneroearod raerour sdt,8 m ehoesss blaet,chlmnsy an other f,~s.a Brans earpetsrsns rugs, wearb~e, wna-1(topaybatands and table., cst of drawers, bosS ad table linen,-cbra.gaes,platect articlas, rand v.e other itta, To bc ssVet$wh4oapdoranmorning ofWel.~ 'aflge$ b DI4euo -tbe relslSehao a858, lbiOn-btrset, H3 Ie-_k.q * , - A,eCll rti . of FiBtIare bdIalanS ,athDratt* lrench, O.arinari Jl.Si qreind ' Herring -. Poenrlin .l5nkwiks - ONard, lAnue * ~gntetti - 2'Loutherbourg 1tlppingjil iMaybe viewed fin,'-dfreb- a BareOrintalPo,relan, name on Metal. 'Carings, And Japan I Chlnh, q---- td y -m M h6UOtl of tbeywill-SELLbyAUCTIlON tbip t St.Jaes-, as~Feraely4R at sse.sely. co mean due old crackle. verey lie ename ~se comlet, bxelaboiately carted and of j&Apa Fortunbert For ., Author of "AJourney to the Tea Disrita f hin ad Idi." ri oterworcson China. May be viewedtw aspeed~~g~se -. *- SmallBerries ofPlate,aPdnTrinketig. ~)[ESSR8. CHRIST i Lu V FI S 0N -resp e ctfaUly &LLr~noiee tatthe wllSETL byAUCTIOX, aLt their great t,Somaea's Ta usday, I.ehrnary- 5thr, at I preeisely,.A emi KtsC PA E, cnsistng of candlesticks, a tea src,foksndroos, latdeerge,orar,dishes * ,ag1dwatch, marblebut, Psrc,o Myb iwdtosrpee,oilng and The ver extensive and valuable Stc o;Msrs aepaead Waifed 3ABSSR-8. CEHRISTIE. and MLAINSOX respectfully e:nOtloe that they Will SELL by A'UCTION, at their great Room, g-street. St. James's-square, on Monday, Febraary IL and fourfollowing day,,and Monday,1Itch, nd followningday, at ipredw2eyby order ottho.Executors of the-late- Mr.Walfori the very extensive and vahiableSTOCKof PLATEandP ilAIIICLES. O the TeVry betdauftur,of Messrs 3Laks=" and Walford, of SerleAtreet- 2000onno anincldingimypieces Of due old woTrk and=sr-e of every vsariey of thebhestmodemn patterns,upwgars of 2&hundr'cd plated centre-pIeoesoad- table ornanente, and a small stock of jewelci7r.. Further-notice wiMbe given. . ti thatthey on PrtbAU. Feb. at their great the very extonsive and valuable GATI.LRV of FICTUItS,byI roasters Of the Chevalier A. de Coeion. Sold in consequence of his havring]eft RoglTnil. FurthernoticewMlibe given. The voluable Collection of-Pictures of the late ThesnAsA. shaw,, Es. ~I1SSRS. CEHRISTIE and' MA-NSON reapectfuny M E,L gientis that they willELL byAUCTION', at their.rreat Room Kig-sree, S. Jaes', o Thrsdy. Fcb. 28. and twolbl3iow. igde,at 1 p,rcisely the very extensive COLLECTION of PIf - HUFS rai air Engravings, formed by ThomusA hw e. deoeased, of Hollyodge Camnden-bill; comprising choice works of ancient ItalianandDatch masters,and numerous admirable exaLmples of them selected from the artiste' studiosduring Mr. ]lw Wst h continent. Furtberpariumlareiwilbegiven. hw vst t h .Axttle of erti an Cuiosiiesof te lte`ir icjuhad ~Buton, of~ MESSRS. HRISTIEand 3IA S0N respectfully lectdbyim urig te lst 0 yars Futhe noicewil the ir gea. The beautfifu ok nEaeo hlt ..Bn,Rq MEB,SSR . H IS and.IA SN rset tuuy otimthat will W EL byACIN,a hi gra zRo, street, St. James'ssquare nTusay ac 3 and followng1kday. ati1 reisely, by order of teEeuos h hl of the REAIIG WORKSof that urvle riti nml H.L P. Bone, Esq*, decased. This beautifulcoltincnisngf upwards of 200 of Mr. Bone'afinest works, willbetehtoiounyf acurn iunequaled works direct frusohm aml.tcopie rnersm ltoencal partritsa from the reign o er II oVa toi,m te mnost authenticesources, and somebatflanyu- vieed wo ayspreedig, nd ataogues had. The very ImporatCleio,oEnlsPitrsofWlse I j SSRS. CHRSI adM NON respectfully ve ynetice that they wilBELL 'by AUCTION at thi. ra Rtoom. King-street, St.Jae, in the dLrst week of AIar theer choioe and valuable-COLETO of PICTIUitES, by moeromn Wh matters, oftbatwell-known amateur, WTiliam Wethered, Esq.. who is leaving his residence incoonsequence of the expiration of the lease, This vey seet collection comprlses exquiste weeks of many of the greatest articsteof theday. most ofthem obtaineddirectiyfrom the easels of the parites.aether with several of the choicest productions of th-tgreat master. ty. Further paticularswillbedulyanmounreat - Important Gallery of Pictures, in the cootry. .'~JESSR. CH ISTI-E and MANSON respectul ±TJLrivenotioerthattheywill SELLby AUCTION, in EasteertMetlc AetanexteuslveanudvaAuableGALJ,ERYofAR NT PICTURES which have for many years adorned an important mansion in Slirop. ahire. Further notice willbe given. ThelaLte Colonel Sibhsc~-eyIoistn olcin 1I,ESRS.CHIS IE ndMNSON respectfuly £Ykgvenoice,thattheywillBELT.by AUCTION, after Easter. by ordrottheExeutes,the whole of the ver motatadexesv COLLECION ofWORKSof AR.Tand VETof Colonel Sibthoirp H.p, dceaed.Thi ceebrtedcollectioncomprlses very choice specimensof rienal,Dresen,Sevrts, and Chelsea poroelain, elaborate earingin vor an wod,a very choice cabinet of ancient Itl,ala Geran,andEngishslier,antique and cinque-cento marbles asnd trones,Majlir an Paasyware, limoges and other enamels, queerlfuritre,picure ad dwins, ndnumrou Oterworksof durlngthe last half cnuyFrhrntewlbe gvn The vesyimportant Gallery ofFPictures, of the late Thoma Emmer~son, Faq. lfESSRS. CEHRISTIEE and 3IANSON respectfulfly rY ive notice, thatthey wil SEL byAUCTION, after Easter, by direction of the Executors the whole of the celebrated and very vainble GALLERY of PICTURES, by ancient and modern masters, of that well Imown judge of at Thomas Emrserson,Esq., deceasd;- also the ver choioe assemblage o antique aLnd cinque cento bronze andmarbles, fue Italian cabinets, rare pDorelan gems, bnhl, and marque. toe, and other worksof artand vertu. Picrther notice will be ahortly given. THO31S TMHiO SLL by AUC.a .TION at his Rooms, 84 Farringden-str=t cty, onThursdap and Friday, January17 and 1S, atl21 punctuallyec day, the STOCK in TRADE of T. PascAl of Churchi-streek, Paddington, draper and silk mneroer, amounting to -£1,11 at the cost price On view the da.y prior, and catalogues bad. MR. THOAA HEMIL hareeieista osEL by AUC-by TION,ON,athi GrrawWs,8 on Mrondan-y.et cityn onThusda Fireectione Of tshegon O traw, bonne manUiltctuer, aMouNti t £l100y atuae thehcos teprice.vOn wsiew the da = gs- n ata-flogues.had. Leighton-grove, Kentish-town. h eld for a term oF 83 years, at a low growid rent-l et to a respectable tenant, at a moderate rent. May be viewedby penmisson of the tenant, and ariulr had at Gayrraways; of MesrDimmock and Bumbey, -solicitorm 2, Suffolk-street, Cannonstreet. city ; and of the auctioneer 27, Chrswell-stret Fivisbury-square. Walwoth-iad.-Leasholdi Invetmet 7 - BATTEY will SELL by AUCTION, at Garra£V.k ay's, on Mfonday, Jaur2,t12 witheconsnt of the Mortgagee, TWO0modern-'b1it FAny REIDENCES erected within a few -years with gardens, very deirbly Etuate Nos. 9 aud 1O, Sutherland-street, immediately opposte Steln-qae awrl-od lwied on lease direct from te freeholder for an otnexpirediterm of 56 years at a triliing ground rent; let to rsetble tenants, producing an unproved reutal.of LO59per annum,. Wayb viewed by permisson of the tenants, and partiular had at Garrawy's ; of G. Henderson, Esq., wolicitor, Minervr-chambers, 38, Leaderihall-strect; and of the auctioneer, 27, Chiswell-strect, Pinasboy-sqare. Slllbak.DesrabeIeasehold Esa&te, land-tax redeemed, elgible for --investment. XIX. MOORE 'willBELL by AUCTION, at the Wl art, on Thursday. Jan.r17,at12 lin onewith tWOP b0-ronome HOUSEsit(one alcone shjop).Ngs be0n anod.2, Pond 3b-plae.rgeauxrd for he to - xturs meud minthfeldurchae. Par. MoretArm ad WiteSwn, earth pirecises; at the Mrt;eand Pat te,anoldunee' moffies,mile-ends-road. Fitolsllte Serityof Harp,nrinanofrer.- PiDo 6nd esckpe,tdoubvaluable aund lIARMOORanal SELLSbyRTUCTIONSEat th Wedn ar,e n husday, January 1 7, at 12 , wt the approbation ofi thde fVice-Cfan helr upir.bedSturt,omin on te losuaOl esxptEEoL)an HOUSheS situaterom alluadjoanin bxeingsiv tieiee 2,andafiGeobrge-ard of dNo. 17y, aoeal-lanof Snwbiill city, ing toenviinity ofth rcontemkcolatrediPorovements ofearsin dbo-tre,etl and pl ShetbiedITh rrates ant&ditaxesar paid dilahcovrd, rixtusrvies ofcinclda indthes purchease May e vewe an paricuars wih coditons01 ale had Noatbte I nd Loanley,-solici eppCeralpbide; Dp F. armer. Roe ebolctr nHouse,sturatPe grlng'sArentHoora, andRwbil Inthe couctios fMar;dndatetexanductioee' 0r,Ml-nrod FingerOrgan,wBiolis Plroae, Chisobe ndothrtChina.tro Jthe tRc of the Jugeto e ers. ambertsELLby auCOi ttcOhed,o atthePsc Mrtie,N. , Ge-orge-stanuree1t,hEu aton-qu2 fon W iandy JanIUar I p lrMPU 3CHOfSBa the usual decipin,ownrful bhe sviewed theda preawou and mncornin cofrsatedandl etatafiegmies~ ermth prdempses;Cof r.erButt,hroadseaen,MatTrlbruha-grood, Chel dea; andfof thgiesauctioer stbln, otaotbe-sreet, Blgavdsblb esqas. Pl ate odndB &modern Plct oresltWies, wbcs, wMexkingn' latedly tnY~IN upon thPrms. 47 . an premion eof. ko Jie;6 anuaryld Estate, themlEAS oftat anthe e Aeo ewelopercury esiatellar an winpoes,domrisngao 18pe damn pnmtshfrichdarg colored ort,eigh yeas inbotte, gld adfple hrre18.Pot te.,400ounes f vluabe pato an Elin son,seeiopae avr Sunffolk.-Valuable Freehold Farmosaud Lands, in the parishes OfI - htottan, about slimiles from Ipsiwich, and Kettleburgi.- n)ear Form. hr,gham alsO Cottges in the parishes of Gret Wenham and East RegOlt, MJR OHN FOX has the honour to alnnounce that Ahe has received instructions to offer for SALE by public AUC. TION, at the Greiat White Hors Hotel, 7pswich, on Tuesday. March 18,atln te ateroonprecisly,inlots,the following-ey vauableaud desirale PROI'lItT :-Lot, 1 wil comprise the Wano of Stutton, and also the Stistton-lial Parn, containing about 2.3 acems of excellent amble arid pasture land, in the occupation of -Mr. George stan! ord. LoAt 2. wfi comprise the Queech Farm, coDntaining- about 153 aces of excellent arable and pasture land. in the occupation of- Me. Joseph Catt. Let 3-will comprise avery excellet Close of Meadow Land called Bridge Meadow, containing about 8 acres, in the occupation, of Mfr. George Stanford. Ykbsee lots lie in a ringflence. and together form a meet desirable estate, beaut;ifully situate, partly bounded byr the riser hteour, and commanding v iews- of MEanningtree sad Hairw-Icb,. as well as-the picturesque sceonery-of the Stour. It will in the findt instance, be offered entire in one lot, and if not sold Wil imnis-diatelybe put upin threolots, asabovs described. The whoeof the .StuttonHalleelrte isfreehold. Lot 4`wil omzPriqe the Kettlebmgh - FArm, about three mie ro rniioam ih ey 0d-farm. ~house, and all neoussasy buildings,and oDntaining3about255 acres'of of widowPaakell ~ ~ ~~~'l,y Paiicrlarandconitins f sle wit inpsjaar&3bH&dc.spi tio t. IesrsBares, Bwkr,ala P-ae, rhter~j Gayj-tt. PerIo Sale(estblishd In 8431 appontedto takl pwe sthe A- Thurs~ayineeryinessb tof Absliut nd ContingetM PerItOs1 MARSH bw Uononeta 'is PR DICA EA~ ~eah&ie4in-150 fortetiwdisposal"o aisa 4tts0 OO.uO~lT,tke ilacc vw Januarysy1. peteu,aurrFaebray J J5. Otoc~ Irn f_ l ct deacci Ujvb andfroctuhis experIence ofthhealie,a,dawekangrt lciW1 which itbaebemenreposed inthe disyone0sa,adtesxe zienoe of the lut ltyeszbasloe h bv lnt eeuly$ vantlogutosendors and pucaes-tecsieaondm-w5 Iota tendering themeansof ulct eeEfrtaa,ls rv tothe ieador, and simllgteeaae otenrie.M~ Of salea3tendedtoheefcebtebsemass~udefeadl to Mr. Marb th leAst&fngtatcdn to the shove da40%is oerder that temahaeteulbne i of pblcity. Thep. eulas anLoonltins o isl fortheensuming Year may h-e oth eOme,taeoe-o, ihue o-ilbforwarutd free 4M- 190 Shurts In the Royal Eantialfo Coppr Mmnig Coopany, fesfeld foe fle-payment of Calls. 3E. MARSH has been favourred with mstic~ Lt.fromn the Directorz.to SELL boyAUCTION, at the ,4art,-eft Thurafta next. January 17. at 12. without reserve inX,st of IOAbafeS detah.1th BEAESofXA cin that imrotaiat and fIMAshinun. Ildand of Cubs, fLoodon *OMfcs 38, Broad-treet-bulldinse,)."I'lvrtt' caulas may be obtained at the Mast; Lt the offices of the Coinpsny; An Bro5d- cw-buildings; and 46t Mr. LTtaih's offices; 2, Charloterw Mansion-hoe, or will efwewardedon applca%tion, Va,h,bleXreehold Property, within a few rainutee walk of the ig- road, Chelsea, Compnisiaga spacious 'deUtached Family ltesdesaee with large Pzrden, coVeringan MSe of abotut 1,100 squLareya*;' adapted forbuilding purposes,two genteelBeelden.jowc thee Cott- inthecar. -esajiig,ad ~/LR.i?AE 'hbas received, fin ctioms re XLY Korteseeg, With the Conurrence o.f the devisee of the late3fortgagor, t4lS ELLbyAUVCTION; at theMjact, on Tliumday *li%; JanUary17, at'12, in one lot (unless ecevionely diseasedo hy peliaw coutrad-cil acipactesa. valuaible FREEHOID ESEATE oeaz*etS. Ing the -tapital familyiresidence, Nb. 1'. :lnds--Place, *W with lurge garen, cOveijg an, area ofaboutl,lOOKsuare yrs adapted for bulig p.opmsea also twro genteel r=dencesn~a Joining, dtinUguisbed ss~No. 2 and 3, Lindsay-place, and. See6at the 7--taLThames,withnafew min.te7' walk o thepir1tesa-xd. audKn'-od nd-BSM offersD ano 2hll oa oruntd ea e5t bwildh wsphoeesla.o, or an secur invetmen.Maheiee,nl of tC5erarsn wtheond torsoftleobgtiedr ttemd f3ew. Rostten Biefoed, and BOItOtI, swiitase co Edi-tout epl-oA thBart; ofHerbu, 2t.raed Crsq.,stre;lic Me Issi-el4 Dnn-rgeofMnansion-hous,* Hofton NWhitmoe, n.-Dwolllnchosaasinder,pttlBsns rm J~R. 1A-RSH bw~ received instructions from -tJi tog=byACTIO,thbiunas odfre to sdayL t. AUCTION-a TheMWtO o Cptal roDW yner Jan, 17 comIll, theDW INQ OI and BUSU4ESSChatlotteitree, Ns land S. .I Footn-tr,e, ioto, wit waehose, aablng.an yadinherear, roadwioth luate a-nl of £5peaniicn hed fr aongermat medrot posurnd frentM of Wabl lettmo, raent forfca Bamtns in hebMnualislst; ad -lckrars-rLoatedbtheo. tiberMrhntsh Builders, and ok!thes. M . ARSH baa received iustructionst SELtL thy toSEP yAUCTION. at the M~art, onThuerday, nebty . Jan. 17,atl2 TMarlbofuuah-strEeti hrottefstoprtem'1,tet,B vfasradwithb Lareyard VATNdTPreied, webm adapt 4. foe e rau o.thet burnes Telir, tImbea mrhnorin thegn Maeualeur:ed on lealse feeuhha b a sopte bya years, a moderte groundn rMowen, alno uFolieysi tf Aseuan or i viewed,tand partilculars. with conditions of sale, obtaine ato them iZ ofMw, lrLnd Whtie o lcitee;t sollcioto, 2T,mple; Xan-str.ee'; fM g, DiceandQuik, 7, ly~aceofS. Ddhystreet-, estmicistor;8 andg Mansion-house,- -in-ou - . t .Valnabl Leters atent forne Woprtheen,a Bino th aitacture of ing.MAS. bwisry recivd teinlstruction to SEL On , LL 5YJbiAUCTION.tthMa,onTrea, FebrGarrwy f i4onahe. quecelebrofe laddinclub t of ebopateshire, onithenvaluabe IeIIITEBS rPTeT, GO dated 9in February a4d a84l orathed mtol ;r tral he ano Irs-' iproaemen i te in n ufa state ofSal. whichw Thsbee adopte byO. emsdealqaUinentf r shipower and Taismaedrsm tin mbline bomh,, and d e eulaea and condtions o-aler anpl to Mowsy HarW. BDdliffrd, anda-le soictos,8 Delatheap-taien J.stbuisteriS ath mrne Mars's offtces 2,uch tero.Mnione75Ol rd-house, o& Fome vale,aHoe HouwllcwtLesadM e, Woutbun al p wit tthe Bugfid 1- Lea Xjno ~~calg atenal_a thereon . y R T.1 Z'OMASi~seinstaocuted wto instruby t~bionAUtoSEL bO uli at UCTION, at Co say!os~o~hnffhr Co'LnooTmsday, Jn 7 t1prcsl,i neulot7(puruant tokareolicistei advenltue), the above desirable OPERIEtTY, eDinseifone largenredf thel celtebraedleadditrctofth chropeine onethet*ing the.3 -ct buIle hous, and mahin evy ten loate compristg an 20m Min reylsk6mot eng ine, aoind one, powerfle causingl mill 3dresein thaeri capUnandai roe, 60 fins, of Sin.m prumpsn all forther maDoeorlii y other*olfomi Hleasne frt ea"frs 8 es from theltJue111 at aofat Nor 1-h2t, Vryan considerabl quntties f oureavettbeenwraiedennthiamfne by thoe. Fofrther adretiurers.fnhesrioa andtve a o theutovewr ply toW. theininte;ean ofr Theoauctionee, 375, Old Broad-stet,, Le- ndon -gt Z.Lor LJea od Brine, Ctrdiva-Gerig, Liantdh -ae,th teeeut of Cardigan,er forS.a fre.l N NJERtZP. TH613IASiast instructed ito SELL by- L tL sbitt public AUT0N,atGaraays ofeMONs, Change-allys,oL CThursday London7, on Thursdym Januaryiat1o'locktpecisely, bin on lt thea3bovejt tbaluheneryEFbuildingsiswter,o hone.large reM dense, conartainin clhrom s,fteori nelmedpit,frngtheplnte whoeotean atel ohe rne si eodeneoh catin -adof the molai , LoceMirne: ot e mhouse andachop eedn good, te whell-ul, andh cerank uodios fresidenp oea mines,ndompe stabl, c d1apabl of I o I g h cptaIn ban a roegua staffe ofdmines dressricl ,,fo theee eaboveard tany reater m_ne. thel mundtain fo 80e yers from then 13thm. Mf NIodvtineaj 10: and Va last bunchhaic Poduoperand ,a b tbelrenAD ntdt of £2 wert annum. portfulthsrpanditovle nd tonview aplY to 'the Jauction ter, I 01 Brod-sree lde,ThoasBeah, 7,I&1d Ibroad-tee; anwi Capt,l Iann, lester,Pnewydd, neir Ab Abertrtwith BradshwirLle LandMie dgnhr,wt the Buildinges, Madehinerytre t- e Otres, =der poer ofWetorSale. b A-- ? atIthe Hat. o P dy e. 14OMAS thaee rAfavouredwMIthiKARuc. INYJ hT enst lubmit tow pbintct yea1PryITof heate GawM's totbtr ThursdyineL Janudy1 18386, apris,in oneeethar lot thaeabof e,vsluabold LEAD coinold wipeth. stueateline buidings, t wther-cewaelroad ores. drEssinapproatu, pumpls,x materinals and plan, ft ormn the-whole o the properly of thesarrehoaldr in7pe and nhminut e, wirsentino, anarieattyimacled ano5 fupowatewhe el, winofthernad grous forpmpsuga3mfne of wh nsc s twron D round buddies jiggin Paotichlas and dress. tadenlargesreturns bf lad or e:anLD teevosiseondoutWLallittler meni mioneyo heexpendediorivingOlthelevelset,'he artda, tha ucetedpoit oforem wi.b foud tanae- been seenwr t ydrvnga .ia th kemontanabackhof m-erethan 100 f ins,wllT obtind Ocuatind . ore, DVI and thVoe en ow Gto end10t 12fe t wd,ieorante ha no oub ofthi bein AU esO-ato speculartiOnThstt lrean BRoa-treet n them au,ctioner 2 ra JaESSRS. Dt23AF1AVISoadf GESae isru Ib ndlor, the )otadgutersandpapwero, sd e o EI atthe Mart,is ondTusay,x Feb.e1, temalubl C-bps UCde. . and, copyhospld ropert, siuate inad Funeaurtohe Edgcwaro-Lread- and UterowsrfagroMiddAesoxe picpllye ond legses,atloweornret an Brdc.g cELeari reta f £70pe annum b it AU vrIOon-io eAtly increased Januom upo n th loprtio, o the gMRounzd lae someSofwhc tha ony9 yast aDTGrun. ull partchulrs and condi. Huitors to theturendoAOld Jewe;at thre art;f arnd Recvib* 3 ft. Offcs 3, Freideris- Otldin reMwith.i DIES SRS.DA S KEMP GES.e- instnelinsted ± SELT by A'UCTION at the Mart, onW. Thoa, Fe'brur 14 & a c itaneloFAIL a aubeLibENCE.d No I2 M = bteblebm is-souar foprieffnctsix bed gcheambersmandntaidressiengtrom torggpdrg,t Householdiurnitureadffls LLr"pttro acutfareetfmlheevie: cosELTi Psno,o,n Thursday Jan 17, at,12 prlg ise5y itthEout rere l h well-miade modern iOUSEHIIOD BJ ITIt;p omesn a ~~d-w~~d ~for-pst,isbln, an eodrybdtas ibe mule-oP ndother Fashatands, handsom - ebimnel=crv and toilet-glasses, st extendingdiningtables,ma,. lg suites Of wlut and mmahogany chairs, wushes, otto. Aman and=on Brussels, Kddenninater, and Other earpeta,3 "al - brwiWAt-toe -eompa aethagPiAndogote in walnutcaac fey Hottl RUfe very coke pi0ure ando Ets, Fabut qAlots fbden al numrous gu and ornaments l aiujs kitchen utnIl an; edi* --bad attUMON.ce at the r autooeer 22 Oxaf-ord-street, Pieio n 30, ( Kinsrod,Celsetva,. - o 2pntdy teeoln oe BarlnItURmo der uminture, t no maouil=n TAuna yCviary t-in~ -n nubmer gusefu and orainontatlmi seelld.a uies,6Ai thre o riape, at. S UV fudrr 12% cune0ecsloy, the excletsnOX t tabIes-Pe-deeta and enlosed sidebad, G ine-lsss oocss eucain, tomanihtri Tocns capet 20feet by Il feet-IC, and-1I. fee 6 y1fee 8 Brssladtti eednie,pianofortes ot essy de,,
