DRATHS.. Om3btOctALleat G. O.W.72811fl, ELV.Mel7t4hL e$ by fe,e oa6. 1oted- by cont>alZ xpoaer and fatigue for D ionths 3efore Delhl, .Tp to Its flint diLy Of sasuIt. when he led one or thui storesing parOlee -nd it te endof .bich bhawas eent InthOa l,eiyre ,. On the 1Nh tOct, drowned dueng a huxzlcae, w hiin th hTomabIb eecution of his dutz. Wf*dl!ir Alfred PlA mIdAbp. an , shp OwsenGlemxower. aged 17. deeply rexetkd by bhI beme d 41thr. On e2ItD.c.at Brghton. agedeIght,Wm.CwG E.Elyar, bh ldFc of ot m. Bawlter Helia?r q., of hU9kr Coar, yeovil. On the 23th D6C_ a 21, rQueenqare, Bath, M1 Charlotte Mid(dtoa, In ths ad year of her age. On C b utases, at aiinpto-wfek age47d, Htarnna rellob of thLe loate ( Hfandord, AR. ofm-ogIdore, Wa&toc-beatli Burre. On CrZtMAR-d", rcoderdck Oharles, gon, of A. B. Ocmpcoer Eq, f HwIe2s"c% MuLda.1ill, s aed gau.' IOn ee 25th Dem. it herreoddence, HoIzwelJU, lehIre, Kim A :goore, naUtie or -oser, .- onthn"bftle. at lington, 3is Henrieta WflWAmi aged5.e Ori -Iondaeast, afternt a e* day'lllnew, Georg, the eldwi iQof :eorge GarM;W 010berwell. ind EAN'I Ds wicb, aged feurseas aud tbree see - . * Onthe MLth Dec.. ather eraidce. Chuvrhatreet.i Stoke Mth=, ng. In hst7Lzt3earaf her sg%erllzlbaith widow of theiMThs.fea Haggar. Y-q., of H-tce on the 19hDec;, at Z., 811r rooaCkey, M. Jameofad. In"'s 6t yer. on the 29th DeCm. Matilda7 wife of Idr. George Outhbert, ptfiee atrect,Cdp>'etesc. inLthGtiiar ot hezage. Ontho moraing of the 291h bsc., suddenly, Blchaid D'Azc. seouwn ot the latr William 3D'Afy, ]Uq., of' Near outle, I;er b * On thaWth Dec., In c}hatmoclrs-p1'W= ch"Ie4 Elzabtth Iavl hnzesid &uLMUer otf tho late 0 ' SLr innos Leij, K.O.B,, agtd443 On the hDaDei-, at the Old Ment-rord. Surrey, hz HemyyDunn, Wae otf taffrou Waiden. aged Ii. - On the t Dee., at her realdence,FaIrfleld, near Lymington, Hantj, Sab, rect ot the Wle 3ahe Alien.DenleIl E.q. - On the 29th D3e.. John Hodomn, ZA., of Bowls, Olgwel, Emer, and ateof the Madrms (ill 3ervIce6 In his Od pear-. - (h the 29'h Dec.. sdd . at hMs zesIdence, 43, acillo *reet, .-eorge f3edtl Brs,tb. Ziq.. M.D.. aged4t ' On the 30t DemO, a' Boiimoor. Mr. Charles Hodllowsy. uiwardt of 35 yers In lir. Ta. Yq&a establlshnment at Wadofod. mugh i.. On h%e S3M D. atA Wiakham-plece, Iower eeCarone Ia Sem, deAddercf lao lae ,ela Saso' et ltmofdklll On te- #1lt h6e, agtd a3 EIBI oD the jl ag. 63, the thovedSooe Mr. Johnrolt ker of .Is outh aompr, owregre mm in ve,l.> - On tenghthe thet m th Doa.U z tdhn s AsiIdenoe, 31, teater a Ca1md hewr lto, John Bow lln Et-eit, 3Be., lf.D., only con ot 19JO. P,e~' 3ag., .0. Mosnlnton-road £eent'-esk deeply Da:enSted.. antdepifh Deil si Tmee Smth ye5r of bet age., ji the roydeoeu o se, ton-ae. S. V. l. 0, OaonS.rI: u Ie oamde- .Ja t-:lLe of Jae:l Lamla Dec Mont. lates of Audinrase, clty. ,On thelet Dec., agedll3. Enilyflophla, wilte dl Slr.JoehlsWr.| ,as, o: t, Bland oed-sseteet, B.aer-etreet. On theo 31st Dec., Mr. John Brooker, ot5, Bonlthaintoa rolw F.tuel.ae In his Yltt pear. tlhe 3lstDec., at 135is aldenee, Aufleld TLodge, 3Liverpool, after a ndpa4ulillee^as,JatltemBlltiun.. Bsq., In the 36ih;esrot -ae. umefO James BS:Ith, Esq., ofJ tteeoek.
EUB GOTZB1f21JRE'_C4HKoZ' POUZZN 2W TO ME EDITOR OF THE TtM. -f -Sr,-I Raw with great pleaser, your leading artcis O Monday, calling attention to the faIt that oux Goyaromet: has alw&ay beea slow to adopt any Improvement whether int naval or military miatt.er ene vllywatig tllm foreign, Pcfer has taken an invention up before ventmm to try it, Umd then do}ng everything on suh a grand Zae. that the tiodifications cerain to he necessay in all rewa schemes cannot be introduced without an expense greater than they are worth. The principle of the 3EnlS rifle ,", explained to the Government at least 13 year agO, yet Coir adopted bieause the French toolk it up. It wouldblifficult to caloulate the sm we wastedidt bulding salling ihlps afterthescrew hadbeenproved epecialy applcabletomanof-war. Very fast wsssels with large long-rangirng gun%. have been writen aboit ever sine tihe inventlon of seaz, yet the Government is j6t begitning to tnink of themn now, nda that only becaue the Americans have adopteid the iyse temn. tt nution has it5udnoed 31-inch guns, and kb,a experienco of tIe last 30 J7Bwh bs shown that cadstfro cannot be depended on fOr any ize beyond a G-inch gun, yetthls is the moment chosen to erett, at a great expen, a. cannon factory at Woillich, the )rinclpal effect of whlch must. be to prevent Government trom istening to I" reasong or those who advocate tae us of a stronger material If I rightly understand your Article, Sir, You sem, to tink that our Government acts thus saowly from not appreciating the value of inventions explained to it. I fa,a. however, bist the evll lies much deeper-, and that the remisance to change is a -ettled policy, the arggument UN& boing th a change of arss only brings on a chae of tactics, and that as nothing of importnce en be kept secret we could gain nothing by the adption of rliles carrying tho miles, or cannon warsuts& to hit a ship at four, as others would inindlateir procure al Many and as good s ourselves, while AU our pre_ sent stores would be useles This, Sir, is the arguMt12 need nowl,-and probably ham influenced preceding Govtrn. ments, whether Whig or Tory, and is therefore worthy of consideration. tYntil it is refated, itdis mere wadte of words to polut out to Government that such and such a tlxg would be an improvement. The answer is, " We wll !ke it into consideration," the fixed determination beinug t% adopt nothing new before other Powers. AS they mEt a)l be more or less disinclined to change for the samemia le Eons, this course of conduct has not been productive of mis. chIef to us as yet, and I confess that, as a general ] cle, I thlnk if would be advisable to avoid Innovations, evem continuing to manufacture arms of a pattern In uEe, though a better one be known; but In eMPcetionll cuar, sneIt as the commencement of a vwr, we should take advanMt&e ot our st resources and make a sudden change, whih would, completely paralyzs eur enemy, and we should alWayshava an eye upon all inventions whlch could be used in the larns unexpected manner against ourselves, and be prepared tomeet the1 emergency. T-he I,te war furishes anilustation of my mslerg, adwe sddeanly-not in the tbird year-fitted out a fest of gunboats, and -armed them with 12, 13, or even 3154o. gua, could Cronstiadt and Sweaborg have escaped 9 If we ,amain passdve, and an enemy-we may again havean enem _-should appear i the first monith of the next; w,r with :fleet of fast steamers, armed wirth gunsranging: five miles, beforeoortsmouth, could our naval power eicapa great blow ? It any doubt that iuch gUns could be made, let theUm ask Cavalll, Whitworth, Longridge, l[aIet, Armstrong. Krupp, Eoiroyd. Now, Sir, if the very posdbllty of a calamity should blo avoided, the first step in scping this one mst bea doedIonby Parlaent to indst that before this factory for cast'ng~ IrOn guns be fined it shllI be conidered if that Metial la that form be not absolutely worthlems for the arms now coming into s-vTiz,, and 12-inoh guns, We all rooolleci the fate of the 13-inch morrtas ale Sweaborg. A 13-inch cat-iron gun etbjected to A Inucle greater strain could not stand 10 rounds, and adding to the thickness of thee metal adds but imperceptibly to the sirength of a gun or other cylinder. Profaeor Bhrlowmany yea ago provea tiO the satifaction of the Instit:L0ton of Civil Engineers that the metal in any cylinder deoceasec in utility In proportion to the square of its distance from the centre; 'at the outside of a gun of tel0-form now used, in fact, is only one-ninth as usefol as the Inslide, bbeg thee. timee as far from the enitre. If we double the thicknees, the outside being five times as far from the centre As the' inside,dd ll bo but 1-25th us enl, or In plainM Eghisb nearly useless. The eason of tiis Is so simple that ll wilt endeavour to explain it A bar of cast iron one incb thick each WAy and 40 ilLcbes long wDM stretch about .20Dth of an inch if a weight of aboutfo,r tons be spended by it. When the weight isremiovci} the ast hron nearly recovers Its previous form, and is uninjured, but if It be stretcad more bY a greater wilght it Is permamently Injured. A bar of the same thicknes but three times as long-123. inches-will stcthree times s much or three-twentletha of an inh with thes same weight, or If only one-third tle weight, one and a third ton, be suspended It wil stretc e one-twe,tieth oi an incib, the same as the shorter bUr, If we suspend 16 tons by four bars one lnhthic rcaut 40 inches long, tw will each stretoh one-twentieth of au. inch only amd remain uninjured; but if we attempt to do' o with -two bars40 inchesl9ng andItWoI2O0inheslong. then wTihn the whole have lengthened one-twentieth Df a-u Inch, the short ones are exerting a force of elght tons, but t,he long o3ier that of only two nd two-thirdsions. The weights therefore will iilU fArther lengthen the I se ana peormaentiy Injuretha shoxt ones, pexhap break thL Rfilit and then the long ones, This is thowayagunais bu . Theo lSalde,saaeilesof bars of Iron, say 40 inches long, in fthe form of a ring, tibm otide a seriae of rings repreenting the bars three ltineM s long. Nor is this the whole esM agalint cast-Iron gn,s and other cylinders, for the bar In stretching diminises i thicmness, so does the ring, therefore presus loss on ath ing over it, the resut being that the outidde of an adgh;inJh gan, with was eight Inohes thlc, Is only straineff about one-nith as much as the inside. Yet this hi the, fonr of gn we are spending thouisuds to perpetute. The. experiment at Wolwieh * indeed, in consequence of th3 akJnowiedgedafaurs of ithis form when supplied by Private enteeprlse. In tho beginning of 1855 lr. James Loogridge, .E.M. proloa to construct cannon of a tube ocrered with wire. wound ropnd :it so tight that it should very raudi, ICf not qute, relieve fte iide from strain. On the 25th of June, 1855, Lar. llet read a paper to the 20o.yd Irish Aademy, advocating the constrction of canon ol suooessive Ilyers of cylinders, so put together that alU oilude equally strained when the gun Ifired; thus the. insde would not be subject to fracture, whle the ourtside is" Iseless s in a cst mas. Hi method of effectinBg tis isto hxve each cylinder lightly too small to go over the ona, under it, till expnded by beat, so tha t when bool it VDmpresestheinterior snd is sightly strained iticll. The 3inch:mortars have been nmde on tnls principle, aradll t&Tchave faled vwith 401b. of powder cast iron must hava f,iled with stiilese. In 1856 Professor Daniel Tzeadwe Vice-Plesident of the Amercan Academy, read a paper to' that body,recommendlng the mme principle of constifctiOn,. andlI have myself for some years been vndeavoluinto rge its adoption by argument and direct experi. ment. sOn the 22d inst. 7ou were good enough to pub lish the reisult of nompArAtIVe trial of a 9-pounder Imado, and among some. othern a cast-iron service gun of similar 8in0 and weight. Mne bore about double the amount of firing theservice gn did, "an being then mninzured was loaded to the muzzloe5s times, andcthus fired& before It brst. Mir. olrloyzd and Mr. Krupp have made sOme very^ strong. steel gnus, and ethets have plans wrell wrorthy of considlers.- tlon, Is this, Sir, thte moment to sptend hundrodis of thousands on a gun-foundry, thus binding the coonat.y tvcontinua the utse of. materSialn aL forma the condemnatsIon. of which has been so far sanctioned by the Insitution oE CiviiEngineers, the Royal Iish d the American Ascaqemles, as is implied by its publiction in theirproo-ei- As I said before, I believe it to be useless ren, for you, Sir, to point out to Government any Imi-ove- ment, howrever palpable, until they hav3 been in )far prepared astowish for improvement. The next step nn. be to indce them to appoint a board to examine all projects. brought before them, eren although 99.1 per cnt. be yvalue- le7 In 1855 6,000 newv Iventioios were submitted to ihc. . select committee, which adopted none of thei; yet thermust have ben at least 30 .uggtions containing valuablwinformation. Not to hav bcee able to fin any would argue a stupidity not human; we cannot, therefore, escape. the conclusion, lnowing the members of the committe to be. much above the averve both in inteligence and knowledge, that they did not wh to adopt any suggestlon made to. them. A moment's oonsideraion of the constitution of' the committee will confirm us in this OpiniDn. It consistsW almost entirely of the beadsi and perhape the second offiers, . of depatAments in Woolwich Arfsenal men who ae alreadyovenrorked by their Immediate duties, and cannot by pDa- sibility spare time to invse*igate new projects. Indeed,s ar.* they met for about .four hour awek during 1855, naln aStotal of rbout 200 hours, to tak of investigaig 6,000k. propsals (or one every two minutes) is simply absurd.: No board oculd be beitter cosituted for the ulEtiae decis1on to the adoption of the few inventions choen bry an eeal comitte from the , but to blame Goarnm ent for not improving our arms with thsF board ly i.. liketelling a fied whom one migt meet on awelcIpedeU a; Dover that a staboat wol be a prefeabl onvltey-- r: JOetSOlalais, Itiwsasobvicutt the Goverment donnbt wish to Improve the ms y that our .friend d not wish to go to Frcs, the ea being eq ippropriae Im. Sir. or o nt servant. - -T. BLKELY. i$aC . LA. I lnimo3p,odi T=lbrks.w3]J Dec. 2D.
MONRYiMABl TaadCITYLYZ2ELLIGEXaB. Thursday Evening. 'On the 15t of January last The Tims, after deccribtng a, year of apparent prosperity, remarked That if 1857 should pam without any symptoms to denote a new reign of recklessness and delusion it would be remarkable as the first decennial period in the present generation that had been got over 'without such aresult. There was nothing then to indicate the possibility of a convulsion except that zaecording to experience it had become due. The crisis of 1847had beenplaintoeveryone for twoyeara beforeithappeued, bTitasnonecouldsuppose thetrade ,of the country had been wrested by the aid of -the joint-stock bank depodit syatem into the hands of a band of unscrupulous speculators, including -swindlers and their confederates, the preaeut storm came upon us almost without a note of warning. Uls trae that on looling back we may now see =my things that should have been taken as premonitions. Just as in the polit'sal world great disturbances are often heralded by a series of aemarkable crimes that disclose the latent infLuences in existence, so on this occasion the almost daily exposre of delinquencies in the management of public companies and enterprises of every description that characterized the first'half of the year 4shonld have served to notify a debasement of comanercial morality that must soon end in national -trouble. But the inference would have been too general to have been heeded, and the penalty -of neglecting it has accordingly fallen, more wcr less, upon all classes. Of the "disasters" just witnessed'two-thirds at least are now admittea to have been palpable blessings, purging commerce for a time from the most pestilent beings that ever 'disgraced its name. The sufferers from the remaining third have been struckc, perhaps, only from not, iaving kept proper watch, and will recover in due fime. But neither these nor society at large can Ualk of undeserved misfortunes. We are allanswerable in our degree for the state of things that has been allowed to grow up. We could not detect the -iidden machinery with which rogues would work, but we might each-by denouncing' the admiration 4shown to successful gamblers, the "sympathy " for all who break down in the midst of a grand career ,of spoliatior, the tolerance by shareholdera of the rnscrapulousness of Boards, and the readiness of -the Legislature to prefer expediency to principle, to hamper trade with protective restrictions, and to make the law a weapon for the fraudulent schemer rather than for his viCtiUS-have checkeil the -corruption upon which alone such creatures'find -their life. With 1858 we enter on a new corse, doubtless -Tincying ourselves sadder and wiser than at any former time. The extent of our improvement will soon ba tested. Six months after the crisis 10 years ~ago the rate of money went down to 3.4 per cent., :and In the following year it was at 2i. Analogous reslts are now possible. Indeed, they may be =-ore rapid, should the rebound be in proportion to -the greater suddenness and intensity of our recent ztruggle. V7hen that time arrives-in June next, -or June, 1859-what will be our course? Pre-viously to any great excitement manifesting itself the:e will, doubtless, be an extraordinary recovery in all the existing securities, guaranteed or otherwise, which have long been depressed by the absorption of money into discount channels; but when these have reached their full value, even xeckoning them relatively with the low rate of interest obtainable by other means, the throng of dishonest adventurers will again be renewed from a1 parts of the world, and some fresh mania wfill ba inaugurated against which past experience will avail nothing. It will not be a railway mania nor a discount mania, nor anything precisely such as we iiave witnessed before. It will be the same imj,osture, but in a grand new dress, and all who ire -eager to dupe or be duped will anathematize the few oho may attempt to tear off its colours and to nermonize on the only sources of honest wealth. Of course, India seems to suggest one of the mbst prominent fields of future speculation, and China may likewise again prove an attraction, since it is impossible to conjecture what may arise out of th3 zpproaching occupation of Cauton. Nearer home there will also be active agencies at work, but as 'these will want novelty they may perhaps prove merely subordinate. Within the next nine. years :iussia intends to get more than thirty millions saterling to complete her railway system, and by the udiffusion of Western capital to bring her populatioii into renewed vigour to grasp again at any political *object that may then seem rine. Indeed, the im.patience to repair the late abortive attempt is said to be such that the progress of our money-market is ,even now watched from week to week in order that 'the first signs of returning credulity should be turned to account for this scheme before other -claimants can step in. - The dangers of a rage for Indian investments may 'be averted by the Government refusing guarantees, -oxcept upon condition of two-thirds or three-fourths of each undertaking being carried out by native -capital; but, as a general rule, there is no power whatever that can prevent a low rate of money -from being followed by wild extravagance. The -question as tothe wayinwhichthisextravagance "will develope itself is not of much importance, and -there is little use in entering into conjectures re-gar-ding it, since it is sure to come in a shape precisely opposite to all predictions. All that the prudent claszes can do is to enforce upon the Legislature the duty of seizing an interval of calm to bring our financial and commercial laws into a position in which, whatever may happen, no one -shall have anything to blame but his own folly. Perhaps there is little hope that any great effort -of the kind will be witnessed. A month back every man was excited upon the necessity of a thorough purfication of our commercial system. A month -or two previously nothing was thought of but our -communications with India, and not an hour -was to be lost in promoting telegraphs and Lall other facilities. A month hence some new question will have arisen, and anyone ttlldng about the Bank Charter Act, the accom,modatlon bill system, or the baleful credit of joint-stock banks, will find himself out of place. Nith the rate of discount down to .4 per cent., the iublic will care no more about these matters than about the last visitatioi of cholera. ' They will be -satisfied that there is a -emmittee spending weary -days upon them, litening to platitudes which have -been ridiculed ov-er and over again, and likely at last 'ci report in harnmony with all these platitudes, -every one being too busy on other things to expose -and deitroy them finally at the critical time. NevertheIess the lesson of 1857 must not pass un:recorded. Whatever new avocations may arise it is -the business of the entire commercial community -to recognize, on the opening of the new year, that -their famehas been more foully stained than at -any former period ; and that if they are content to let this disgrace rest witbout a determination that -the criminal law shall be made henceforth to take 'within its scope the clas whose magnificent villa :Jies have just been exposed, allowing no screen to be afforded throunh the social position, the direc0orates and other honocms gained by such coures, -they must be prepared to accept in the eyes of the -orld the responxiblity of covert, if not of open sVmpathy, with them. It isalsotime, whether the Legiature wi regard it or not, for all leading :Xgrish E nmehcbant to xpeak out on the questions, whether they are psepezed to demand that Government restrictions and interference with trade, after the results that. bAva been yvitnessed, should be brought to an end; whether the principle of the free dom of every man to manage his own affairs a long as he avoids trenohing on the rights of his neighbour shall at last be recognized in its entirety and carred to all its logical conclusions3;and finally, whether the currency of the country shal be preserved inviolate, even though all who become gianti in the City from playing into,the hands of gambIers should, be driven on some untoward occx%a'to thare, the fate of those smaler. men who suffeir occaionally from ixnprudent confidences, but who, owing to their limited capacity for bringing their. country into danger and disgrace, never.find tnem-' selves saved by Ministerial interposition. The English funds opened this morning an improvement of an eighth, vbut ultimately experienced a dight reaction.. Console were frt quoted 933 to 94 ex dividend, fLnd after the bre4king up of the Bank Court without the announcement of any further redaction in the rate of discount a decline took place to 93k, which was the -price at the offilcial close. After regular hours, however, there were buyers at 93I. The next account is fixed for the 4th of February, and the transactionsfor t%hatperlod wereat94H to;. Owing tothe settlementintheforeiga market loans were in increased demand, in some cases at high rates, but on Government securities they were readily obtainable at from 4i to S per cent. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 219.; Reduced, 93a to i; New Three per Cents., 931 to 2; India bonds, 20s. to 15s. discount, and Exchequer-bills, par to 4s. premium. There waa only a slight demand for discount at the Bank to-day. No new failures were announced, and the year has closed more favourably than had been anticipated. Foreign stocka are steady and show no alteratlon of importance. Turkish receded diring the day, but a recovery afterwards took place, -and the closing price was the same as yesterday. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 98* and 99; Chilian Six per Cents., 02 1 ; Mexican, 20k; for the account, 20k and j; Peru.vian Three per Cents., for the account, 53&; Portuguese, for the account, 45X; Russian Five per Cents., 108; Sardinian, for the account, 85i; Spanish, 42; ditto, New Deferred, 26k; for the account, 26k and i; ditto, Certificates, 5 ; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 98k, 97j, and i; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 1020 and 102; for the account, 102k and ; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 65k. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 68f. 30c. for money, and 68f. 40c. for the present account, show ing a decline of an eighth. About 68,0001. in gold was sold to the Bank to. day. La Plata West Incia mail steamer has arrived with 224,0001. The gold by the Suffolk is expected tobe delivered to-morrow. The London and Westminster Bank have notified a reduction of I per cent. in their rate of allowanice for deposits. Renceforth it will be 5 per cent. for suns of 5001. and upwards, and 4 per cent. for all smaller amounts. Annexed are the stock and ihare fluctuations during the past twelvemonths. Throughout the whole period the extreme range of (onsols was 8 per cent.,' that of the preceding year having been 10k, while in 1855 it was 7g percent. The highest price, 94k, was touched on the first day of the year, and the lowest, 88k, on the 13th of Oc. tober. The difference between the opening and Closing prices shows only a decline of i per cent. -In railw'ay shares the average range of fluctuation has been at least 20 per cent., while the final results are of a very varied character, a considerable rise being observable in some instances, and a heavy fall in others. As regards the Bank bullion, its amount at the commencement was 10,182;4061.; it reached 11,840,6521. on the 18th of July, and declLed to 0,484,0961. on the 18th of November, six days aft6r the suspension of the Act of 184. At the last return on the 23d inst. it stood at 10,753,2811., or 570,8751. in excess of the amount held a year ago. At the Bank of France the total at the beginning was 7,660,0001., and by the middle of June it had Increased to 11,400,0001. It receded to its lowest point, 7,580,0001., in-November, and Is now supposed to have recoveiedto aboutll,000,0001. On the Paris Bourse the advance established has been 2 per cent., a movement precisely similr to that which occurred in 1856. With respect to the declared value of our exportatlons the Board of Trade tables thus far, which comprise only 11 months of the year, show a total of 3115,007,1961. against 105,845,6311. in the corresponding period of 1856, being an increase of 8 per cent. The changes in the Bank rate of discount, which were eightinnumber inl856,havebeennlneonthe present occasion. In January the rate was 6 per cent., in July it was as low as 5i, in November it was-at the unprecedented height of 10, and it is now 8:- FaLJTUMATIONS IN TEs STOOK A.TD SHA MA1 rS DUnuTa TE Yx±x 1857. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. W. Powell and Son, Manchester warehousemen, whose saspension was announced on the 18th, was held this morning, when the following satisfactory statement was sabmitted by Mr. Paxrinton, the accomuntant - This we forms an exception to the gereality of the failures lately reported, as it hw occurred solely fron the excessive private expendituro of Mr. Powell, ten., and is not referable to either Wrade . . z ~~~~~I losses or irregular speculatior. The capital of the firm at fhe commnenceiet of busineis in 1852 was about 23,0001., and the trading for the lasth igee years bas been from 163,0001, to 167,0001. a-year. The privatc property (including 700 dozen of wlue) i~ valued at 2,5001., subjec4 to a deduction of 4351. for private debts. Mr. PoWe:P, se., has arairn outtaince the year 1852 about 15,000M., and in addition to this the house ia either liable for or has repaid loaus to the amount of T,3141,:money borrowed, /but never paid into the. business Conslderable discuasion took place upon a proposal ~of a compoe., tion of 17s. in the pound, payable in four, instalments extending over a year, and-it was finalIy resolved, with one dissentidnt, to accept the offcr, theinstalments being reducedto three--vz., thr4e, six, and nine months from the 15th of January.- The feeling of the creditors ,present appeared to bs greatly in favour of Mr. Powell, jun;, whose annual drawings had been only 1501. and- the business n. future is to be carried on solely by him. It is stated that the small loan for Norway w111 3b in bonds of 5001. and 1,0001. each, bearing lnteres! at 7 percent., redeamable- in: 2 and 18 montlis. The amount first contemplated was 220,0001., out it is thought it will be increased. Annexed are the railway Cas for January, BO far as they have yet been advertinPRe - u neezmg or z;ne lfanaaa uompanywas held today, Mir. C. Franks In the chair, 'when the report was adopted unanimously. It Is stated that -up to the 27th ult. 46,018 acres have been sold and leased during the year at an average price of 50t 4 per acre, being an increase of 3S,020 acres a compared with 1856; t-he price per acre being also 5;. 6d. higher. The state of monetay affair in the colony sas caused a heavy decline in the receipts for the latter part of the year; but the total revenue for 1857 shows an augmentatlo3 of 1,770Z. The principal decrease is under thehead of purchase money. It is satisfactory, however, that the crisis has not interfered with the general operations of the company or diminished the value of their land. The balance in hand amounts to 11,234._-. 2,9541. in the hands of the bankers, and 8,2801. lent out on mortgage, against which are liabilities to the amount of 4,3311. The directors do not at prezent recommend a dividend, as the balance in hand or a large portion of it may be absorbed by uniforeseen claims. Messrs. Palmer, Mackillop, Dent, and Co., haye issuled a circular to-day, announcing the retirement of Mr. John Horaley Palrer and Mr. James Mckillop. Both these gentlemen throughout a long career have been among the most distinguished of EBnglish merchants. The title of the house wil henceforth be Dent, Palmer, and Co. Mr. R. W. Fall has been admitted a partner.
TRADE BRPORT. ThrdyEvening.' TALLOW.-The market is steady; testem t for the eahaepassed off quietl at 533.CAt this pricethere az Lellers foer January to MaRch; 58.s. G.is paid for Marob, and 53s. 3d. one the sipDt.. SUGAI.-Thero Ilas been a6 large business doing, andl t'he demand todcay is particularly buoyant. The value sinee the clos of the market. which occurred this day week has improved fully 2s. per owt. AB manmy as five floating cargoes flavannah have been 'taken for outports, comprising 8,400 boxes, of which one of 4,200 was sold this mornitng at 26s. for about No. 11, and two yesterday, No. 14, at 28s., and VI0~, at 25s. 3d. p6r cwt. ; also one of Babia at 20s. 6d., landing weights, On the spot, 5 00 bags of China at 31s. Gd., 100 tons unclayed M1amila at 32s. Gd., and 350 tons -dCayed at 38S., Coffee, saltpetre, and z1ce are more inquired for, particularly the latter, which attracts attention from the low jrlce, and a large business Is reported to -have been' trAnsacted to-day.
COIRN TI?ADE. M&NOHIIESTR DEc. 31. m~rnu~s a ,Ft ;rna luegree os fnnms 0155 been manifested dmning the week on the part of sellent the unal IndIsposItIon has been shown by bouernto enter Into reeh eng3gements so near the tirmlnatlosz of the year: the businas Palsng has consequently been limited, and pre. vious Drices have with difficulty been obtained. From abeoad the imhorte Into Ilerpool continue large of wheat, beans, and flour, andfeir of Indian coan From Ireland the arrivals or 03tneal hve greatly increBeW4, but of other produce thence the supplesazre small. Oar market tbiz morning was fairly attended and a mora hopefal feeling appeared to preTail. lhere Was a better 1nqu'ry for wheat than ot late, and the beet runs of both Engish and American taust be noted the turn dearer. ID snna Inance rather inure money was asked for flourq butthebusineostransctW s ltmitel at lastoney terted. Oats and oatmeal n ab a elot? srle, atd both were ra3her cheaper. In other articles no particular change was obzervable. BIXNGHAV, Dw. 3L AtOlocester maibaton the 26th the little busincze doneo wo at the rates of the prtvious week. A t Worcester, tha name day, nio manket wae hed. DusIBg the Pssoent week the few sales reported In eheat ae at .tevons rates. B3rley stilt rather declining, but cats firmly maintainthai value Beans unaltered. Peas quitea3 der. At WolverhamPtou ye3tesday there w/as a fair supply of wheat, which realized In come Instanons Is. Der qwurter advanra, At thin d's market there was a moderate spply of wheat, and in scme Instancc es I.pe? qiarter more money w£a obtained far h.at qualities, Fine barley talyis. per qosrier dearer, but seconda parcel Bwere nearly an mush loge;r, Oats beans, xan pea alliquiteas dear, B3RISTOL, Dzc 3L On our'mrrket to-day the upplyof English wheat w moderate and sold at fuly the Drice3 nof lat weeak A fair demand for foreign at ratber more money. Barley, beth malting and grinding, a better sale at former value3. Noaliteroatuo in oa3s. BOSTONf. DEC. 30. There has been a contlununce of warm open weather, but ttere are Indications et a lower range of temperature. The wheat trale haafteen duli and inasniate, as in unually the case at this teason, but farmers abstaln from Pressing mupDtles on -the mnarket, and thowfeh transictions haTe been limited, former quotatlons have been well eustalted. Barley has nob been no much inquired for but goad maUting eameles support late rates. Oats have an upward tendency. Beans and peasaretobehadenlowerterms At to-dny's market there eras a falr supglyT woheat, forth. beat samples of whih ltholders were enabled to o.aln anadvanedof fully 1s. per quarter on the rates of thl day sa'nn4ght. Barley firm, at laew rates. A steady trade in oat4 beans, and peas, whloh made rather more monev. The fellowlog are the pres315t quotationls *-1rew wheat, white, 40s. to i9s. Drquarter;. lne,tht.;:newrre4 45i. to 4ts.* lne, i9s.new 3 . t3.2i a C averugca a: d .Bocton:-Wetto sdd. beasn, S18 quarters sir 315. Id barley, 149 quaniers, at 3is.;pceag, 334 quarters, at 8e!. 7d.. LYN'N, DEO. 2D. At thin market there vras i modeate show of whest, the beat samplerof which commanded a slght adrsnos onlast west' rate. A fiWr supply of barley, the beht malting qualitTes of which were ls per quarter deae; othersortr rather lower. No chage In case, beans, or peas, rPAlDI[NG, Dn. 89. At thinmornlnt'smarket onlyavery sall quantity otwheattwa en offer ana superior Pacels realizd an advance oC , Per quarter. In other stelOes nO chaDge. NEWIABKET, DFa, 29. At thin marl.et the supeEy of wrheat aslimited. hut the Inquiiry was slack, and onl a fevw lo's changed hands at the rates of lat week, hol1ders refusing to masae any abatemnent. Goad mailing barley In nequest at advaudug rates.a PORTsBOU1a, DPo. 29. Thetrade in wheat continues steady, and all tne sAmDles are held for mooe money. In other artcles former prices ae fully maintained, BARNSLEY, Dza 20. At the Corn Exchango here t.day there was a- scanty supply of wheat! which was cleare&Of at the rates of this; day week. An lm. proved demand for maiting barley, aned in aomo instancea higher rates were realized. In oatsand beans the tradeasvery dull at recedlng rates. At thetaeheld fet cattle-arkiet to-day there was a good showr o beasts, but trade was heavy. A fair suppy of len stoelk and a tbin markeetoDigsa Beef, Cs. P,to7 3d. pser stone; muUon, 6d. to 64. oaer pound, P SELfBY, Dzc. 29. I{ere ta-day there wageood spply af grain. and whe%t was held for an advnc, Which mlllers ed Sacts declined to gide. attig barley briskast ls. per quarter advance. Oats asd bees sld slowly at former currencIe. Prices :-ls. to 19. &d. per lead of three bushels; sasetlin, lOs,; bafiy, 3X.to3Ms,dSL erqcsete; oete,pa, to74s EDIUBGB , D3A 30. Atto-da's market there was only moderate SUppl o Ow heat, or which, nevertheless, the demand was sole, and prices were rasher o the deline.0 Of ther grain tmere as an abundant show, hqt the bade generall was iat. Qootatlons :-Wheat, 25,Zd tos per quarter; barley, lOs. dd to POe. 5L.; oa, lOs. tid to27a Cd.; beDans Its to Atte cattle-mratet to-day the sale of both besetsad sheep ras very dull, iad prias ruled lower beef beng 3d. per stone undeo the n e l oll week.
.- ATLWAY !AMUG"CZ. I-NEW ERBlTlSWICE AND CANAIA: ' L-e- JUSaI-Yearly masting of thig coompany Was held yes. berd*7 at the Linion Tavera; mr. F. Eiwas,, n the -Th-repcrt, a absraot of Iihich Iisb appeared in The Finet, WSW taken asf reed. Ths laaCnAx s%id that since the l'ast meeting they had to di lord the loss of their exsel1ent chairman, the lste EArl bitrwilliam, Wbho ot yhsIdaIa61 e a take in the -undertaking. bat had been on all occasions ready to giva them his advioe and asieateme The beard hd' reoently ipectoe -Yr. H. W. Wickhmu, M.P, the -hglrman. of Le ta,,ashire. and Yorkuahit, Railway Compei yto th vacrat chair. The. rport was o fella e t-hat It did nkot iequir may bsrvationg fro im. They would a"e-by it ha te eto i n l bsc idle ainm eeccamthe m eutooifflo; Theya maeeosted tbe openin of 40miiea of the lidn on the lit of October Iast,'aui he belr,ed that trAins had hbee roniag regudlay up to the presEnt time. - Inu additick fo -the 40 miles ope thyhad 25 mranorue zderocontact, makiagtorete6s rmSt -Andi'ew'sto Howard's tiotement 6towhiip liztb,ey hoped the line wouldbheopeeednextsummmer. There would tham namai 24 mniles to he constructed uyp to sdteock, valkindsg 0mile Te T oDtof conatructcon would theconsIderably uuder the estimate; the averageort ed itLe first 40 iles -was at the rate of 2,700th pero -Mi% ,amd that of the 25 miles uedw cenadrution would be some hunedreds less per mills. They haAl already epeiofe 55,6791.n;they would requoireforthooostrct ons of h12eline tolf owardhs Settleiet 6p,437u and froinm the latte plioe tof eoodtock 55,2201.,tbewortngstDskand othtr miatter twouldtakel 9,00t1.,d m xing atotal of1l95,3161a to6 exnlete the line to Woodetock- ' The 31,000 nw- 201erso the comp)any wouddgivathe~2-20,0001., aznd tlce 18 0001. sub. Dadption they had received from the Govarnnc marr ade their totalass3ets s3n,00., leaving a balance Of nearly 40s00W. to provide working stoc midnA and oith ir rfenquire. =ent3s for carryinagon the traffic. In regardto the itraffi on the 0nlesit had paid itgexpene a ande,ft a snolit balance, wvichb Wa quite as-muh y-b e hpid--erpect fir- a lina which ended in a fo There had he no time p to deilope the traffic te pe the line in October ware 428, and in oem r67.hwngAn lacross of 33-per cent.o When t om wplet in e to Hawards etenent they w assed th it oi be remuneratIve, I that tw fhour e ofothess wonuldruto sed m from that sudool reasv the p rtlwo y o-th uanest} l ng tocpreqnired by W the manager had bee rered 5 t W oergratifying toknow that the aciptl of the direetort, expresv ed in former reports, ree ting he ayent of the subscriptton of 18,0001. by theoermnad the grant of 20,00U acres of lend, had Tn ed The cinma.t was favo(rhe tEn ih tItto s the land was fertile. ItwudIces nvae oavry year after theme was completed. The average cost of the 90 nxaice of ratisay would be about 2,B5 i per maile, rand it wan pxpected that the laze would realize a great portion of the wntley. Thei manager Wad agreed w%ith parties for the' supply of wood and slepers -to the AMDUnt of 130,QOO, which would sisbdt them when paID for. Itweeonlyaquen n oftimes z,atonthe sccmes of the undertaking ; his opinion wa that the land aend timber would repay them the whole of their capliaL. There wasno probability of rival schemes to compete with tahem, aSnt theirs would he the main trunk line to Canad. The B1 limiting their liability -had eceived the ioyal alet last Isession. The arrangement with the old St. Andrew's and QOnbec company was equitble, and it Was deslrablo. thatea asalgasnation of both interei ehould take plaE an early as posibten A Bill for that purpose would bh pab. matted to the shareholders at a specil meeting for theeir approval. The directors were satisfied withthwci wyinwhich the znals had been responded to, and they regrettod being obliged to make a call during the late panic in the money. market. It wu desirable thialt the works should proceed as arapdly as possible, becauae they were paLying interest out of capital, and with a view to mneet that interest they had seb apiust 20,000 acres of land to -inet the claim %vhiejh they believd would be ampae to coveb that charge. By paying money insteadl of bonds to the conitractora the warkc wouald be exocutedl much quicker andl cheaper. Hle conclu-ded by mo-vizg that the report and:statement of accounts. be approved and adopted. IMr. 1"IED had great pleasure in seconding thae saoptiou of the report. He could i act understand how it -was th thr prospcts that their shae were nearly unsaleable. He thought the directors ahould hold a much lb.e aento tho new stork-, and thus acquire an interest idenitical with the general body of shareholders By means of prpoer understanding between direetors and shamholilers he Wa no doubt the call would he paid and the line comupleted_ Ho then suggested some plans with the view tDoinake the shares mnore marketable, and to insue the paymaenji of thet calls. The separation of the management of the land fronm thAt of the railway would be an advanta~ge, and When it wasI -known that the 15 acres ,for each Share could Ike mAae aLvailable to the extent of 151. per share the remainder of the B share -would be readily p;ad. If it,were only los. an, acr it would he an Assistance -towards the payment of the call and completion of the line to Woodstocrk.I IThe CAmmAuNr saidl thae suggestions of M.' eliel wouldl re elve their best attentiou. The old class A. ihandholders hsA paid up the whole of theircaLUz,to the amouLntof gO,0Oigt, anid could Teceive nio portion of the guarantee umn tl he line was opened to Woodetoek L The nesw Bharesxeceivikl 5 and 6 per cent, during construction. The majority of the direotars ltrdinvested largelyin themewcapltal;-wilhthe excoptimn Of two, every one of them had. They hatl iaso sub-. Beribed ver.y largely-to- the -odcapitali-andMO diretor~ wAis in arrea. He (the chairman) was in favour of a land coinpuny 3managed by thrae or four of thLe directors soid three lrge abharholdlers ; he beaieved that both stochimwrould ba benefited by the land company.I The motion was then adopted, anod It was agreed that; the orinalr&,y meetings of the company Bhouild in futurehbe heldl inL the months of January and July, instead Of JTune and December. In epy t aquetin i ws satd taton te ofui theto railway for nearly the whole distance EAST KENT. On 'Wednesday Lieutenant.Colonel G. Wynne, X.E, theo Government inspector, inspectedl the portion of this line between Chatham ana-Faversham, 19 miles In length, pro-. paratory to its being opened for traffic. The ~bridges, -vladucte, and: embankmentl -were found in good order, but. It, appears he iefuEed to grant his certificate in consequence of the unflnished state of the Works, a considerablEi portion of thc line not being fenced in, andl the stations, Nsith the -exception of that at Sittlogbourne, being without plitforms. In 'onrsequence of this -neceesay delay the opening from Chatham to Taverpshm must he Dostponed until the line aud works are in a fit state for public traffic. TRAF.FO RETURNS. - "'The amount pub1ished fcr MldLaua Lool LD Lh}e tredif taz bMlo n tsnet. and mob Rr°aL - tlnodludig half of the M tocheeer, South Jimotlon. an Alt hoham reoein, Gdiomby Dookdutioe &&, o'odOhesotexfid Canl rceiPte 1 The reoolpto for reoenbauiioe. ka0i &o varepbil0bdlX&3? dotoet lng wreekly the balano ou the heeds and LI erPOoi Oal Lo §1he afo tbc eerep ent 439 mIlUf nthuf Of 1a .t ~vezr
LONODOD, FMDAZ JANUARY 1, 3S58. On the first day of a New Year it is natural to Tevert to what has befallen us during the proes of its predecemor; to count our auccems and mistakes; to reckon the friends we havemade and the friends we have lost; to consider, in short, what we were ana what we are. The year 185l7 wil not aoon be forgotben in England. The Indian Mutiny, of which the firdt tidings amrved at the begning of summer, has overshadowed all the events aud movemen t which had previously occupied general attention. It requires an effort to recall the financial discuuions of twelve months ago. The China Debate, the DimsoIution, and the meeting of the now Parliament have already become strangely remote. Only half the lifetime of an ordinry generation has elapsed since an ingenious historical wnter announced that the age of history was at an end. It appeared, a5 i some geological epochs, that nature was no longer liable- to violent convulsions. The long European peace was thought to be perpetual. Revolutionary- agitation and military usurpation were equa}ly things of the past The app& tite for political excitement was mildly dimulated by- the turn of the balance as the Mxrovan= Ministry and the Prz Opposition alternately seemed about to preponderate. Ten years have passed since the dream of security was broken by the Continental outbreak of 1848, followed by an equally unexpected despotic reaction. Tho Russian Wai revived another claws of anxieties and sympathies; but even the interest of the Crimean campaign was faint compared with the grief, the indignation, and the enthusasm which have beoe called forth by the struggle in Tndia. Beforo the meeting of Parliament in Febary statesmen out of office were sanguine in their expectations of a change of Mnisty. It was thought that Lord PALxEroN owed his supremacy to the war, and that he would be unwilling to coiicede and unable to resit a vigorous demand for sweep. ing f3nancial reductions. The Persian War might, perhaps, furnish a supplementary ground of attack, and at the last moment the collision at Canton cmne as a godsend to an Opposition already organized. Veteran politicis generally anticipated the suCcems of the Coalition; but they underrated the adroitness of the Minister, and they forgot to take into consideration the disposition of the people. The combined leaders had, with scarcely an exception, advocated a timid policy during the war, and their animosity against Lord PALarSTON WaS naturally attributed to jealousy of a triumph in which they had no share. In popular estimation the overthrow of the Government would have been regaraed as a condemnation of the firm-nes with which the Treaty of Paris had lately been enforced in the matter of the Bes3arabian frontier. The financial problem was solved, not without grave detriment to the public interests, by the abandonment of a large portion of the Estimate. The additional percentage on the Income-tax was given up, the war duties on tea and su were reduced, and Mr. GLDSTOs . addressed tO unwMlling ears his indignant demonstation that Lhe diminution of an extraordinary impost was an increase, and not a reduction. The complaint that Parliament had not been consulted respecting the Persian War proved to be an ineffective weapon of attack. No section of politicians seriously desired to discus during an autumnal Session measures which would have mauredly been adopted by any Minister who might have held the reins of government. The Chiniese fispute was more formidable, on account of the facility which it offered for a combination Df all opposing sections of the Houwe. Lord JoHN Russ:ar. and Mr. GL&DsToNr, Mr. DrsnuT and Dr. CoBDu, were enabled to meet together on common ground, and even to secure a majority, which proved fatal to the hopes of the Oppoeition. Lord PALSxETox seized the opportunity of acquiring a firmer position as the recognized leader of the LJberal part,l No occasion could have suited him better for an appeal to the country; his popularity was stSi fresh, whie many of his opponents were discredited by their previous acts, and by their recent hostiity to the Government. The convictions of the majority on the Chinese question might, perhaps, be sincere, but it was known that an attack on the MInistry bad been prepared before the disturbances at Canton were heard of. The constituencies thought more of Rusia than of China, and Lord PAL=sToxN had in the minds both of friends and of enemiea been- accepted as the reprementative of a national and succesful policy. The general election accordingly resulted in an unbroken succession of Ministerial triumphs. Mr. COBDET, Mr. BEIGHT, and Mfr. 3mEE GnsoK were temporarily excluded from Parliament. Lord LToHN RssmL himself only eseaped a sinila fate by a spirited display of personal vigour and ability. The entrance into public life of a hundred and! /fifty new members materially changed the compoition of the House of Commons. Many party traditions became obsolete on the benches which were most assiduouwly frequented by untried politician, and the Minite wnose name had been the watchword during the 'contest at the hustings found himself for the first time surrounded by adherents who ackmowledged no divided allegiance. The Election proved that the old Conservative party is gradually disappearing. For the fust time in twenty years the counties showed a disposition to encourage Liberal candidates. No previous contest had been altogether exempt from the influence of the old Corn Law controversy. Even in 1852 Free T-rade was unpopular with the fanner, and LoUrd DB was stil the champion of the agricultural interest. The unprecedented prosperity of recent yeara has dispelled many delusions, and the rural intelleot is too dull to appreciate the principles which combine lord STArNzy and Sir J. PABGTON in the same party organization with Mr. NEwDEGA and aMr. SPoox:i. The Whiz gentry are not backward in perceiving their opportunity, and at the next election they lM probably recover the share of the county representation which they possessed down to tne era of the Reform Bill. Their old opponents will never again as a party become candidates for office, but the strong Conservative element in English society will in some form always continue to exercise a powerful influence in politics. That the 311nister had projected the Dissolution for the purpose of wasting a year was an obvious taunt on the part of the Qpposition, but the Sesson which commenced late in the Spring was by no means ueless or barren. The blow against the EcclesiasticalCourts, which had long been menaced, was at last effectually dealt. The whole of their Testamentary Jurisdiction and the greater part of their control over the law of Marriage were transferred to a scular tribunal; and there is reason to hope that executors and legatees will be relieved from a portion of the vexations to which, they have been habitually subjected. The establishment of the new Court of Probate was not impeded by any formidable opposition ;but the change in the Law of Divorco was debated in both Houses with extraordinary spirit and pertinacity. The socil effect of thae important measure which was finally carried can only be tested by experience, but the state of things which it has superEeded formed a startling anomIly even in Englsh jurisprudence. Henceforth divorces will be awarded on the proof of certain facts before a tribunal competent to conduct the whole inquiry. Before the passing of the Act the same remedy was obtainable by a process strictly technical, and yet in part unknown to the law. Two independent legal decisions formed the indispensable condition of the final sentence, and yet the House of Lords I deolined to notice either the evidonce in the action for damages or the depouitions on which the: Ecclesatical judgment had been founded. hotwithstanding the iagenious objections which were; urged against the Ministerial measuro Parliament rightly thought thet the -principle of divorce was already reoognized, while the circuitous method of obtaining reief sood self-oondemned. The vigo=r with which th.e Bill was carried through the House at the very close of the Sesion adddd to the credit which the Government had acquired by other useful efForts in lepislation.; The po*er of passing goodE meamures is with justice valued above the utmost xkl in deviing and defending them. The tidings which arived from India In quick succemsion'extinguished the languid interest whieb, might otlherwise have been felt in the affairs of the, Continent. The previous year had closed with the final acquiescence of France and Rusia in the English interpretation of the Treaty of P.ais respecting the posmsion of Bolgrad. Only one paxt of the Eastern question still remained open, and diplomatists accordingly selected the Danubian Principalities as the scene of a concluding struggle. Turkey and Austria felt a common intert in maintaining the actual separation of provinces which Russia might attempt to organize into a dependent kingdom. The Wesern Powers had little motive for preferring either arraDgement ;- but the representatives of France and of England at Constantinople were severaly determined to carry out a policy of their own. The barren triumphs of either party and the final results of the conflict scarcely require ordeserve recapitulation. The Plenipotentiaries of Paris had absrdly demanded the opinion of the inhabitants on the future organization of the provinces; and the Fench Ambassador, with short-sighted eagerness, concentrated his efforts on the return of an Assembly favourable to the Union. When the Turlish Viceroy haa procured an election conformable to the vieasw of hisGovernmentall the Embasdes except those of England and Austria broke off relae. tions with the PoBTB, and the crisis appeared so serious that the EMPERoR himself descended at Osbor-ne to untia the knot by superior interposition. The English Government had more serious objects to pursue, and Austa probably foresaw the substantial success which would be purchased by a formal conceesion. The Moldavian election was anned, and the Ambassadorial flags were rehoiBted; a new Divan was packed for an opposite purpose, and the Principalities declared their desire for union under a foreign Prince. Bat in the meantime the wrath of France had been appeased, and absolute Governments began to wonder that they thould ever have appealed to the result of a popular vote. The second Congress of ParIs -is about to decide that Wallachia and Moldavia sIall be satisfied with an administrative union not incompatible with their condition as feudal dependencies of Turkey. The course of foreign affairs has in other respects been singularly uneventful. The Sovereigns of Frnce and Russia have held an interviewr at Stattgart, which is thought not to have increased their matual regard. Another Inperial combination at Weimar displayed the cordiality which belongs to the intercourse of Monarchs born in the purple. The King of P}ussi, prevented by illness from joling in these courtly festivities, has probably termihated his active reign. Our relations with America, though far more important, have affected domestic, and not diplomatic interests. In the course of the summer it transpired that the rairoads in the United States were universaly emban'ased by the disproportionate magnitude of thWir debenture debts. When the Compantes began to suspend payment of their ob. ligations the overloaded fabric of conmercial credit at once tottered and gave way. The Banks which had satisfie6l the requirements of a certain school of economists by a nominaly convertible issue ceased to give gold in exchange for their notes. Mercantile firms of the highest reputation broke in rapid suceson, and all remittances to foreign creditors were simultaneously suspended. Bhe rhetorical statement that the subsequent crisis in England was caused by the bankruptcy of a nation is raher coloured than exaggerated. The annual balance of trade between the two countries leaves a debt due from England, but the cotton crop of the year has not yet been recelved, and American securities to a large amount are always held by English capitaists. When the news of the catastrophe arrived it was hoped that a high rate of dicount would prove a sufficient precaution against the consequences which were apprehended; but on this side the Atlantic, as well as in the United States, an edifice of credit had been erected altogether disproportioned to the foundations on which it rested. Some great American houses yielded to an unavoidable pressure, but a large proportion of the firms which have failed had carxied on their operations with the capital of thelr crediitors Whatever may be the case with ordinary traders, no honest and pradent banker can break. The delinquent edsablishmeants at Liverpool and at Glasgow were unable to meet their liabilities because the property of the depositors and shareholders had been squandered on reclles speculators. The scandalous proceings which followed the stoppage of the Western Bank of Scotland will long be remembered. Auditors were found to cerEfy the existence of a Eurplus of two millions, which has since resolved itself into a la-ge deficiency. The lancded aristocracyof the neighbourhood joined in the protest against suspicion or investigation, and a deputation wa appointed, to solicit asistance from the public purse. The Scotch failures coinciding with a temporary Irish panic produced a sudden demand for goldl from London. On the 12th of November the Government, watching the alarming state of the Bank reserves, published the letter which auspended the legal limitation on the issue of note. The result proved that the pressure was less imaginary than in the corresponding. crisis of 1847. The Bank was compelled totake advantage of the lieence which had been granted; and, although the excess of notes wasl soon withdrawn from general circulation, it has continued nearly up to the 'present time to form an indispensable portion of the Bank reservo. InL the short Session which was rendered necessary to sanction the swpension of the law Parliament represented with sufcient accuracy the undecidecd state of- geneial. opinion. The law will for the present remain uchanged, but it isff felt that $he power of Ministelial interference, which has now been exercised for the second time, can no longer be regarded s exceptional. The social and economical consequences of the criss are more Important than its legislative results. The influence of. the. calamity. has. already extlnded_-- far beyoid the circle of capitalists and traders. 'The winter - wil press heavily on the working populaMon of the towns through the general suspeusion of enterprise and stagnation of employment Agrioulture alone, among thO various branches of industry, continues in the enjoyment of a prosperity which is already unpr - cedented in its duration. After the Indian Mutiny no event of the year is so important as the commercial criss No domestic occurrenoe of less engrosing interest would have xuceeded in arresting publie attention during the continuanca of the heroic-struggle in the East. It is scacely surpring that on the first report of the Indian revolt the coutmry wa slowr, in its incredulous surprise, to appreciate the magnitude of the diaaster. . Since the Sicilian Vespers no calamity has f;len on a natinn with so little i warning. ~' On. the 23d of Jrune, sm weeks- aftei the decisve outbreak, the hundredth aniveray of the Battle of PLissey 'waa celebrated with little maisgiving at a public dinner in Loidon.' -A few- days later the subject was cursorily discussed In the House of Comnons; but July had commenced before the atrocities of Meerut and Delhi finally dissipated the prevailing spathy. In India itself, although l the alrm commenced at an earlier period, the catastiophe was no less sudden and unforeseen. After the lapse of several months, with the aid of ufiimited discussion, those who ar bat infornied confess their inability to explain the causes of the revolt. It is probable that the conduct of the Sepoys was influenced by many motivei ancd thit, like the grbater 'part of human actions, it was ultimately decided by ciroumstances. There are suspicions of princely intrigues, strong indicatioas of Mussulman conspiracy, and abundant proofs of Eindoo fanaticism; but it is still uncertain whether the Mutiny was inevitable, and there is reason to believe that the plot exploded prematurely. One of the most characteriatic leatures of the outbreak consisted in the blind submision of the soldiery to any casual impulse. Many Regiments wavered; some retained their allegiance for a time. In several instances the final defection was postponed until success had become virtually hopeless; but throughout the army, as soon as a few ringleaders had committed themselves to the cause of rebellion, their comrades followed their example like a flock of sheep after their leader. it seems that no fabiliarity can enable- the European to udenitand all the windings of Asatic character. The officers of the native Regiments have not without plausible ground been accused of unreasonable credulity; but, if those who knew the Bengal Sepoy bst were willing to stake their lives on his loyalty, little reliance can be placed on the sagacitY of remoter observers, who deliver their warnings after the event. Among the immediate causes of the Mutiny it would be strange if no place could be assigned to the errors of these in power. Supineness, irresolution, and ill-timed severity were undoubtedly displayed on different occasions; but it is still impossible to ascertain whether the very mistakes which were committed may not in some instances have dinminished the impending danger. The first agitation vith reference to the greased cartriaDees occurred during the month of January in the immediate neighbourhood of Calcutta. Early in Februsry General HSEsxy reported the existence of a plot in the ranks of the 34th Regaiment, stationed at Barrackpore, but the first open display of mutiny consisted in the refusal of the 19th, a' ]Berhampore,to receivethe suspectedcartridges. The delinquent Regiment was ordered for punishment to Barrackpore,where, beforethe sentencewasexecuted, a Sepoy and a native officer of the 34th had been guilty of open violence. The scandalous backwardness of a commanding offlicer, more solicitous for the conversion of bis men than for the discharge of his duty, would probably have led to an immediate outbreak but for tho ready gallantry of General THISEYn. Two days afterwards the 199th and 34th Regiments were publicly disbanded, and general orders were issued for the purpose of removing any genmine alarm which mlight have been felt as to the obnoxious cartridges. At a subsequent period the remainder of the nativo troop3 at Barrackpore were gradually disarmed without any actual disaster. The GovrmiouGr'Euus continued for many months to surround himself with his usual body guard of Mahomedan cavalry, and the garrson of Dinapore, in defiance of repeated remonstrances, remained in possession of the means of offence. It must not be forgotten that a the last moment the disarmament of these troops could have been successfully effected if the commanding officer of the station had done his duty ; but the Government, which continued an incompetent General in command, was in some degree responsible for the mischief which has since resulted from the escape of the Dinapore mutineers. The Coramander-in-Chief, a holyday soldier, who had never seen serrice either in peace or war, was in the meantime enjoying the pleasant climate of Simla. A shameless job had some years before sent him at ono step from TA=RSa's and Newmarket to the command of the army in one of the Presidencies, and when a vacancy occurred in the chief command of 300,000 mon the authorities at home at once recognized the claims of family and personal acquaintance in the disposal of the post. General ANsoN appears to have had no ahare in the disbaunment of the B3rrack pore regiments, and it was not till thre months afterwards that the Adjutaut-General publicly notified the withdrawal of the objectionable cartridges. The Commander-in-Chief had previously approved the sentence of a court-martial by which eighty-five men of the Meerut garison had been condemned to hard labour for ten years on account of a refusal to receive the cartridges. The prisoners had been fettered in the presence oftheir comrades, and they were confined in the common gaoL This punishment was the immediate provocation to the deciive outbreak which occurred at Meer,t on the lOthof My. Ifthecrsishadbeen metwith ordinary vigour and abilty the Mutiny might havo been crashed at its commencement. The 3d Light C&valryand the11th and20thReegimentsofjnfatry first began the series of murders and brutalities which have rendered the Bengal Sepoy infamous throughout the world. All the officers within reach were cut doun, the helpless populatioa of the cantonment were outraged or mnaacred, while Gene, ral HE T, with 1,500 European troops, was unable either to protect the station or to impede the flight of the mutineers. The revolted Regiments at once marched to Delhi, where a great arsenal bad been intrusted to the exclusive care of native troops. The garrison instantly joined the mutineers; the atrocities of Meerut were repeated, and the descendant of the MoGL was openly proclaimed as King or Emperor of India. The pensioned Princes of the Royal House took an active part inthe unspeAkable bratalities which were perpetrated upon English women in the streets of the capital; some of the mriscreants have already suffered for their unpardonable crime, but the jut vengeance of an indignant nation in still but paztialy satisfied. On the 27th of Mlay General Axsox died of cholera during his advance upon Delhi. Sir H,. BANARD, who took the command of the besieging force, afterwards fell a victin to the same disease. General REEm was forced by bad health to re.ign the command, and the honour of capturing the rebellious capital was reserved for General Wnsox. -When the- siege- had' scarcely commenced the MIutiny rapidly spread over the whole of Hindostan. By the end of June 50,000 men had deserted their.standards and turned their arms against the Government. At many stations the crimes of Delhi were imitated, and in one feaful instance they were surpuaed. NANA SAIB, an adopted son of the ex-Pezihwah of the Mshrattas, offered the services of his troops to protect the English Treasury at Cawnpore, and then placed .himself at the head of the mutineerm. Soon afterwards, Iin violation of his plighted faith, he slaughtered the garrison of Cawnpore, and on the victorious advance of HAVELocK he murdered in cold blood the women and children who had been reserved from the original massacre. The treacherous Mahratta owes a reckoning for a thousand English lives deliberately sacrificed to his wanton barbarity. I It seems that his crimes have only strengthened bis hold on the armea hordes who acknowledge his commandl. Similar scenes were exhibited on a smaller scale wherever -Sepoy rebels could surprise a; defencelw station but in This emergency the ruling raze turned to bay with a desperate and irresistible courage which has scarcely a preoedent in history. At Agra, at Arah, at Azimghur, wherever a few soldiers and civilians had esaoped the firstmassuae, the rebels wera taught the inherent superiorlity of the English character. Eu many places a mutinous Regiment was held in check by forces which, to the full knowledge of their officers, were themselves on the eve of revolt. At the worst, the rifle or the, revolver secured preliminary vengeance before an Engli;hman succumbed tD irresistible numbers; but the resolute skll vith which all resources for defence were made available confers stiU higher honour on the national character. The effect of the name qualities, long before exhibited by the statesmen and administrators of the Eastern Empire, was shown in the abstinence of dhe native Prlnces and population from participation in the revolt. If a pretended Peishwah had put him3elf at the head of the mutineers, the two chief Mahratta Rajahs -were faithful, notwithstanding the defection of their Contingents. Still more important was the fidelity of the NizAst under the influence of his able Minister; GEOTAB SnGEc and Tu3G BAUAnoo}, of Nepaul, potentates from 'whom Sir C. NAriu apprehended imminent danger to our dominions, behaved with exemplary good faith. Beyond the walls of the Palace of Dalhi and the limits- of Oude no movement haa yet taken place which can be desonibed as a popular or dynastic rebellion. The influence of wisdom, of jnsice, and of courage over men was most strikingly exhibited in the recently conquered Punjab. The key of the territory at Peshawur was in the hands of resolute soldiers, who knew that the greater part of their troops were on the eve of mutiny. CorTTo, E:DwAnDm, and NiCBo:soiw were equal to the occasion. The forts were occupied with trustworthy troops, the suspected Regiments were disarmed, criminals were blown from guns in the presence of thoulsands of their accomplices, guilty fugitives were seized by the neigghbouring tribes, and bodies of the hi,hlanders lately in arms agaist tha British power were enrolled to take the place of the deserters. The chief authority in the Punjab was happily in the' hands of a hero and a statesman. Sir JoHN Ldwa=cE not only saved his own provmice frbm revolt, but made it a military basis for the operations against Delhi Sikhs and Europeans were directed towards the East, while the Bengal Regiments were disarmed; conveys of providons and stores retraced the march of recent conquest. The gallant NXcHoLsoN left tie scene of his early fame to find a glorious death at the gates of the conquered city. The vigilance of the Proconsl was afterwards indicated by the rapid recall of European troops as soon as theyhad perormned the one indispensable service. The capture of Delhi before the arriva of any reinforcement from home wa a great military feat, and a solid political advantage. The rebel garrison, exclusive of the inhabitants, always outnumbered the besieging army, and they haa the command of an arsenal which, after several months' consunmption, was sti unexhausted The General waited patiently until he was ready for the assalt, and not a moment longer. Before the end of September the Mogul KnG haa ended his three months' reign in a prison, while the carcases of his hateful offpring were, as in old Hebrew story, exposed in the gates of the city. The iterest of the struggle has become chiefly concentrated round Lucknow, where a few Euroo ropeanus, encumbered with the care of womnerL and children, have maintained themsdlves in a hostile city of 300,000 inhabitant against za beleaguering force eatimated at 70,000 men. Sir EH&N1Y LwENExus suppresed the first mutiny in Oude, but the recntly annexed kingdom furnished abundant reinforcements to the Sepoys, who were themselves for the mort part natives of the adjacent disticts. From the 'death of the noble soldier who governed the territory tiT the middle of November the garrison had been subject to an almost unbroken bloclade. The march of HAvsiocK to its relief gave occasion for the most brilliant series of exploits in the campaign, but the numbers of the enemy up to the time of Sir CoLa CANrBEi's arival were too overwhelming to admit of complete succes. The year closed with the report of tho final triumph, which had been so long and so anxiouly expected. The Commander-in-Chief commenced operations on the 13th of November, and his advance from the Alumbagh to the Lucknow Residency was uninterrupted by check or defeat. Such, however, was the strength of the defences and the resolution of the rebels, that it was only after five daya of continuou fghting that Sir C. Camrsra was able to open communication3s with Sir J. OurTAm. The victory7 may be considered as decisive of the struggle, but months may elapse before the hundred forts of Oude and the multitude of disbanded soldiers finally acknowledge the irresistible power of the Englih Government. Nevertheless, after the captura of Delhi andthe arrival of Ouz0Ar and EIvzLao6x at Lucknow, al men felt: that the tide had tuened in our favour. The Government had maintained itself and reasserted its supremacy before the arrival of aid from England.. The only reinforcements had been derived from Ceylon, from Mauritins, from the Cape, and from the China force, which was fortunately intercepted on its road. The narrative of the struggle is as yet necessarily incomplete, but there is every reason to hope that the more tragic portion of it is closed. The proved fidelity of the Bombay and Madras armies renders it possible to estimate the extent of the danger, and to calculate its approaching termination. The military operations in other paits of Asia have been unexpectedly ueful in the great object of suppressing the Tndian Mutiny. Sir J. OuTnAazes short campaign in Persia was terminatea after a few spirited skrmishes by a treaty which effectedlthe purposes of the war in the evacuation of Herat. Among the officers who returned froni the expedition to take paxrtin a more serious struggle General HAvELoox is the most cDnspicuous. The trooDs who had served in Persia were seasoned by their recent campaign, 'while they bad not; been exposed to any serious loS The presenct of the China -force in the Indian Sea. was especially fortunate. The demand for reinforcements at Calcutta was obviously more argent than the necessity for punishing the insolence of Canton. At a more convenient season the necessary operations in China all be resumed, and in the meantime the blockading squadron has kept the offending population from despising the resentment of England. The interval which has elapsed has served to remove all reasonable doubt of the necessity of enforcing redress. Pablic opinion has not during the last twelvemonth become more tolerant of barbarian outrages. There is no reason to believe that the punishment of - the provincial authorities vill involve the cessation of intercourse with the remainder of the Chinese Empire. The efforts of the Government at home, although at first dilatory, have not been unworthy of the magnitude of the crisis. Before the end, of the year more than thirty thousand men, deapatched since the commencement of the outbreak, will have laded in India. Txe rese aad relleifa neceusary for so 3great an army lave thuofji,been regularly organized and forwarded. A professional soldier has, as usual in time of. war, been placed at the head of tfe 'army, ara means have at last- been adopted for maldsing use of the dirt route by the sthimus of Suez." The country ha been umanimous in the, de&e to support and to honour those who hava sc gal3&Djtly maintained the Empire which theirms and policy of their predecesors had won. No4 effeminate pilanithropy sands in. the way of a righseou resolution that the crimes of Delhi ana of Cawnpore' shall be avenged. The true meanir*g of punishment hla saudenly beome inteligible to the nation at large. Retribution has resumed in the general belief its inseparable connexion with guilt. The pious fortitude of suffering w6men, the deliberate vilour of men left to-their own resourcee, have called out aUl the heroic sympathies of a grave and thoughttii _race For the First time the publio conscience is imbued -with the faith, hitherto confimed to statesmen and to studentg, that the doraindon of England in India is Just ana beneficial to mairkind. The samepublic consciencedemands thatEDLikmen in India shall not appear ashamed of Christianity. The mistaLes and ignorance whilch nattu llyprevail on questions relating to the East idican e the unaccustomed interest which Is universally faltin Indian affairs. There is some ground ufoai the sanguine anticipations, which brought down~ cuasure on a Calcutta journalist, of the fiourishing state of the Empire when posterity shall'celebrate the second centenary of PlaeDy. The corresponding year of the lat century witnessea not only the conquest of Bengal' but the rise of England to the first ranlk among the nations of Europe. ln the interval the populaHion has multipled threefold, while the wealth &ad power ofthe country have increased in a sill largerproportion. Only the most prejudiced admirers 6f th past can deny the moral and social improvemeInt of the community; but there is, unfortunately, too much ground for satirical and prophetic denunciations of the present generation. A historian of the.reigrz of GEonGn IL, limenting the prevalence of crime, observes that the Xeds proclamation againlst vica and immorality was by order read in all chmuches, but that the measure failed to produce any benefcisl effect. The same ceremony is still performed atAssizes and Quarter Sessons with precisely similar results. There appeas to be no dimlnution in the crimes of violence recorded in our cDlumns, alnd no previous generation has witnesaed the comnniasdon of frauds on so gigantic a wsale. Within the last month the conviction of a Hull merchant for forgery attracted comparatively little pablic attention ; yet the criminal had long been respected for his apparent religious zeal, and his position enabled him to defraud the communityto the amount of more thau 5Q,OOOI. The dtory of the London and Eastern Bank is better known, but it is unfortunately by no means a solitary instance of breach of commercial trunst. The obituary of tie year, excep'. in as far as it has been affected by the Indian disatez, fortu. nately contains few distinguished names, but the losses occaioned by tho Mutiny will be long and justly lamented. Sir HscNRY BAFxD, a gallnt and experienced soldier, conducted with eminent unuceas the firAt operations of the siege of Delhi Sir Hu:Gu W TEan had on many occasions done good service to the State before he fell a victim to the treachery of the bloodthisty Mahratta. .N=z had secondedl HAvmocn -with Buc~essful -vigour. Of NIcHoLsox it is not too much to say th;t he was the hope and pride of the Indian Army. The abilities anld virtues of 1r. CoLvn have recently found a worthy record in our own colunizs.' Sir lXBaY LAwiENcn enjoyed the rare felicity of trauscending all rivalry except that of his illustrious brother. The mortality in India has been singularly contrasted with our exemption at home from all serious public los,es. No Miniser, Parliamenfny leader, or conspycuous man of letters has been removed from the scene, but one indefatigable siter and politician has caused by his death the sense of void wvhich folljws the cessation of any inveterate habit. Mr. Cnoms was neither a sound nor a genial critic, while his historical sagacity was oftenat fault in tba details with which it was exclusively employed. Yet, although it is difficult to define his characteristic faculty, he wa undoubtedly able as well as active. Disapproved by the wise, and unpopular with the multitude, he always commanded an audience. Even his love of personality was madB almCst respectable by his sEill in the art of inffictis g pain, and in later years a kdnd of interest attached to the self-made man who resolutely took his stand on the traditions of the Regency. May who are better, and who could worse be spared, still remain behind, but no one will again fill precisely the same position in literature and. society. The public men who remember CAsTmnAGH and CAN- iNG are rapidly disappearing. Their ruccessors cught to be wiser by the accumulated experience of one generation.
COURT OIBOVZA1P. WIN~DSD:I1, CTRStDAY. The Queen, a3companled by the Prince of Wa[es, rode fm the Miling-houso this morning, stbe:ldU by the Hon. TLn Kerr. Hi Royal Hlghnei the Prince Consort went outn shoo. 3ng. The Prince of Lelningen accolpanied lis -Roya Bighmew Her Royal Eghne the Prince Royal has ho'nouree M. Thorneyoroft with sittingfor her bun. Their Royal Hignessen the Dnchoes of Cambridge zau Pricem mary and the Duke of CAmbridge wre xpected t ) arrive thi afternoon on a vist to Her 1ajuty.
We ore veqiieese o contradict the ettnemael;contained in thle jo~rnns oE yeiterday, that the pubio van .obtahn tiolets to view the prooesio: on the cocaon of the marige of her R;oyal Hness the Prlnce. loyalonappli. cation to thie Lord Chamberlan rangetnente aive already bee:n made for the disposal of the lo tlckets which in cosequenee of the llmited space in St. Jameslr Pae caa be given on the ocuslon. The chapel and ros, however,, viii be ehbited to the pubie bo tbiokUet Immediately after the ceremony. Count Baptiste XeBtm arrived with depatoohes from the Lord Rieh Commidonwr of the Ionian Ilands, yesterday, to Mrt. Sercrey Iboutbae Ameeting of the Cambri-ge Un2iTAVIty Coomun3doners wa held at 6, Adelpbi.terraoe, on Wednedayr, Deo. 30. The commlsoners prentmre-Lord Staley, HLP., the Right Ron. 3L T. Baines, MYP., and the Rev. Dr. Despatclhes were received yeterday at the Co2onial-ofM;oo from.the Governors of Hongkong and Malbta
tAI !AGE OF THE PRaiCESS RoYAL.-UTicTcets of admission to those parka of St. Jamee's Place to -which spectators will be admitted on the 25th of Jantrary are to be had only at the office of the Lord Chamberlain, at St Jamea'n Palace. THE NLEw AwD TEm OLm YEAi,-At miny of tihe lAndon chr-hes las .nmghtthere werf midniglht nertlces uo hoprpQKoe of ebling aooagega,tiona to sp?end ia devotionaf ezercinee tJhe departure f the old year and tUe flettang in of tho nuw. This cusom originted anong tlzn Wesloya 3Ietbnd1ab, the -hiF'daht of tho year beirg termed " the wath nighEt ''. buti latterly the custom han extended to other Noncornformist diemiltilons, andh ig also been adopted by eome cl raebers oE the chuch of England. THE SHxB snuY Pxsaus .-Another claimant h-as now appared for the title and eshtoIo the lat i Earl of Shrewibuy in the person of William Talhbt, a sailor cD, board the C-aflaoi one of the Meur Brooldabnnb s shipe, which has ijat arived at thin pot frorm CKAla. Mr. Au. browe Ixoe, a soliditor in thisiown, han bee,n Iti¶uted with the conducting of the cane, and from tebh uridce whichi the preeent claimant can produce, as wall as fieui official doenmente, there can be no doubt that he Ii thhlaf nul heir tothetrtleandpropa2etY. E;n frlends and rr4sA1ul, reside in the n,Ighlxmrhood of Blrmhxigbam, ad the porbous who are now climinig the property and es rldom 'wnnid be thn slawful heirs if thre presnt climnti wroeZ.I;p Hera7tf. CaYSTAR PAACA .02M SMxTrqG DAY,.-ThUrB. day, Dec. 3L-Admiuons on psaYien 6,7D33 4s1tij ,y .wa,q thkcets, 1,032; total 7,761.
AUSTRrA. (FROM OUR. OWT CORRErsoXDnM.) VIENNA, DEC. 29. it Is related In diplomatic circles that the Convenlion for the regulation of the navigation of the Danube has led to a lively and somewhat " acerb" *cor.espondence between Fance and the German States wbich are traversed by the river in question. ALustria, Bavaria, and Wurtemberg maintain that, as Independent States, they have a right to conclude meparate treaties, and the two Powers ast mentioned are said to have roundly declared that they will not rpermit the Paris Conference to meddle in a matter whichl does not come v. thin its jurisdictlon. It 'was yesterday affirmed that the Porte had (by ,electric telegraph) announced its intention to ratify the convention, but the influence of France, iEngland, and Russia is so great at Co.n-stantinople that it will not be matter of stir:prie if the Turlish Government shouald eventually declare its inability to fulfi the engagements en'tered into by itE representative in the Riverain Commniasion. The opinion expressed in my letter of the :22d inst., that the Danubian States had no right to reservo to themnulves the right of -"cabotage" is maturally distasteful to Austrn politicians, but it *must be repeated that the technical worcd quoted -occurs neither in that part of the Vienna Act of Congress, which relates to the naviation of rivers -separating or traversing diffierent States, nor in the 'Convention for the navigation of the Rbine which was signed at Mayenoe in 183L My attention has *een called to the fact, that-in the treaties for the navigation of the Ebe and Weser, which were con-clbded in 1823, it is distinctly said that the riverbordering States shall .alone enjoy the right of "; cabotage," but it must be rememb3red that the reaty of March 30 speaks only of the "principles -eatablished by tho-Act of Coagress of Vienna for the xegulation of the navgation of rivers which separatbe -or traverse different States." The Elbe and Weser ,have always enjoyed greater privileges than any -other " conventional" rivers, and the sooner they are -abolished the better it wil be for Europe at- large. 'i the Sultan should refuse to sanction the Riverafii ,Convention, the probability is that Austria, Bavaria, and Wurtemberg wi remain perfectly *passive, but if the ratificitions should be en-clrnged, the Convention will be communicated to -the Pa-ds Conference, in order that it "may -take note (prendre ade) of the same, and pronounce -the dissolution of the European Commision." Thls last-mentioned scion of the Paris Conference has at -length come to the con-clusion that it Is time to think -of deciding which arm of the Dasube is to be made -mavigable; and the latest advices from Galatz are, -that the chances are in favour of the St. George's -arm, the embouchure of which is better protected -from the prevalent north-west wind than the mouths "of the Sul;na and Kilia arms of the river. During -the last 12 months more than S,600 vessels have -entered the Danube, but many of them were either -entifely wracked or seriously damaged. If the information which has reached me be correct, -the British nation will have very long bills -o pay for its repreentative. at Bucharest and -Galatz. Sentence has at length - been passed on Maior "Cunt Hunyady, who, some months ago, behaved so brutally to the poor man who had to provide -quarters for the troops at itteldorf, a village -about five English miles distant from the capitaL To the astonishment of military men as well as of dvilians Count Hunyady has only been sentenced to -eight days' arrest. To ue the language of an offi-cer of rank-, publIc opinion has received "a tremen-dows slap in the faE." The moring papers, which 'lave appeared for the first time since Friday lIst, -express their satisfacton that the Emperor ha$, by ;s stroke of his pen, put an end to the unbearable -tyranny of the proprietors of the houses in the city *-of Vienna. As a rule no leases are granted by the Vienna landlords, and the natural consequence of the systemisthat theirtenants are entirelyat theirmercy. -In general the rent is raied every'second year, and -tenants who have spent very considerabie sums in beautifying their apartments are often turned out within a year in order to makeroom for some fiends -or relatives of the unrighteous landlord. In a short -time there will be more room than is absolutely necessary for the accommodation of the inhabitauts -of the city, and when such is the case the tables will ibe turned on the pr.oprietors of houses, as no one vill consent to take a lodging unless a lease is granted. The shares of the Credit Bank have risen .greatly during the lut few days, and the improveIment is likely to continue. It is known that the Clredit Eank will, in spite of the most egregious -mismanagement and the tremendous financial crisis, pay 5 per cent. interest for the year 1857, -and it is expected that it wilI profit largely -by four affairs which it will undertake in the ensIng year. The majority of the specu*lators on Cnange have recovered themnelves, -but not so the great public and the commer-cial world. Tho people have lost so much on all kdnds of stock that their coffers are empty, and con-sequently trade is almost stagnant. Indeed, many highly respectable tradesmen have told me in confi-dAence that they have not sold enough during the 'Christmas holydays to defray their current expenses. Lord Stratfordde Redeliffe, ,who yesterday dined with Prince Callimachi, the Turkish Ambas-sador, leaves Vienna for London this evening. The -day before yesterday his Lordship paid Prince Metternich a visit, and remained with him above two *hours. No fewer than 97 political and 257 nonPolitical papera will appear in AusWia in the year 858. Of the political papers, 58 are German, 10 zSclavonic, 19 Italian, 8 Hungarian, 2 Rouman, and' J Greek. It is related in the city as a positlve fact that -there is again a prospect of the Empress giving an heir to the throne, but the report cannot possibly be cor.ect, for Her Majesty daily pamses some hours in the saddle. -
PRUSSIA. (FROM OU OW.T COBBRONIoT.) BERLIR, Dic. so. According- to a notification made in the Staats ,AdnzcScr a few days back the Pruian Diet isto lbe opened on the 12th of next Januar. In fla Iormer years since the present charter was agreed Io between the King and the Chambers the sewion .has commenced in November, as prescribed in Article 76; but in the spring of this year it was -resolved to repeal that article, so that in future -the seesion might commence after the conclusion of -the Cbriatmas holydays, which would save the *members the trouble of coming up to the capital just for a few weeks of preliminary work, and then -returning to their estates for the holydays; it was iLo fond necessay togive theTuistersa little more time for the preparation of their projets de loi than they hitherto had, leeing that the period for the preparation of such aatters hardly commnesne till late in September, when the greater part of tho Government officials return from their summer trips of recretion. It is highly improbable that this iesslon will be opened by the Prince of Prussia, as 'ome journala have given the public to exprMo; unlem ssomething very unexpected occun it will be opened by the Minister-Prsdlent, and be both very short and very unimportant in its buduess Beyond the Inevitable Budget it Is difficult to point out anything of Importance that is likely to be submitted to theLegislature th seson. There will beapostal treaty, lately concluded between Prusia and France, offered for ratification, and there will be an indemunfication for Ministers asked for on account of their having lately suspended the action of the usury laws; and beyond these three subjects-budget, posal treaty, and suspension of usury laws, there is sbsolutely nothing-on the bill of fare. The improvement of the alaries of the Government employJEs is to be carred out by the administrative authorities, the Ministers themselves, rather than by the introduction of any special legislative measure for the purpose. Tne new potals treaty lately concluded between Prusia and France comes Into force on January 1 of next year, as the present one expires December 31 of this year, and it is left open to all and any of the States composing the Austro-German Postal Union to become parties to it. Most of the German States have intimated their accession to the treaty, which, in fact, contains many considerable.lmprovements of the postal traffic with France, but Austria, Bavaria, and Baden ate not among those that have joined it. Austria and Baden have very lately concluded postal treaties with France, each separately; but, as neither of these treaties contains anything at variance with that concluded by Prusfa; It is hoped that they will al soon fse into one. -As zegards the repeal of the usury laws, which the relative demand and supply of capital in Prassia urgently cals for, It is not at all probable that any measure of this nature will be introduced this session. It is true that all the Chambers of Commerce throughout the kdngdom have pronounced in favour of their repeal, but, on the other hand, the organs of the landed inteo-est are as firmly bpposed to it; and in the present Dlet this latter has shown itself prOponderantly strong. It is even expected that the, representatives of the landed interest will get up auch a lively opposition to this idea in' the House of Notables that even the bill for' the indemnity on account of the temporary suspension of the usury laws wllm not pass, in which Case an endless amount of confusion will esue throughout the kingdom in consequence of the legality of all the transactions based on this temporary suspension being called in question. The opposition will, doubtles, be very fierce in the House of Notables, and in the mouths of the gentlemen who will come forward as Its champions very plausible. They will argue that they have hitherto been able to borrow capital at 4 per cent, on 1mortgage, and have applied it to the drainage and other improvements of their lands-that if the usury laws are repealed, capital will no longer be to bh had at thatlow plce,n which caxe they must either be comapelled to pay more for its Use or the country mdust lose the bonefit of the hiprOvements they make-thatPrussia is esentially an agriculturial ratber than a manufacturing country, and consequently the landed interest ought not to be sacrificed to that of m ufactur. Ministers find themsxlves so powerless when face to face with thepresentOpposition, whichisthatof the ultra-Conservatives, with the virulent little knot of Kreuz Zeitung men as Its nucleus, that they wil not attempt to bring in any measure of their own for the defiritive repeal of these lawa, but wI very thankfully back any' private member who will lead a forlorn hope. The experience gained in this matter, in consequence of the providonal suspenion of the usury laws last November 27th, wil be equally cited by Its advocates and its opponents: at the judicial office for registeringmorigagesln this city there have been loans on securlty of lands and tenements entered there almoat every day since that date at 1O per cent. per annum for the second an d third mortgage, the fist mortgage having doubtless, in conformity with the uury laws, been made at 4 per cent. but for a very insufficient portion of the' value of the property. That this high amount of interestisnotthe mere effect of a sudden presmre is evidenced by the fact that nearly all these mortgages contain the clause that if the usury laws are abolished next sesion, the mortgage is to be left standing as It is for a subsequent trrm of years; in legal phraseology, the mortgagor precludes himself from all equity of redemption for aspecified time. The Court wlhich is constituted the legal guardian of all orphans and has hitherto always invested their property on mortgage at 4per cent., has also raised its rate of interest in all cases where it was feadible to 5 per cent.; so general Is the conviction of the nece4ity of repealing these laws, and thd expectation that this would take place this sess-on, As regards the Improvement of the salaries of the civil servants of the State, the Government intends, instead of intoducing a special measure on the subject, to raise the estimates for salaiesin the Budget a little; to that little to add whatever savings can be made in each branch of the service by the moat rigid economy; and as fast as posible to make over to the common fund for this purpose the whole incomes of various appointments which may become vacant, and can possibly be left so. la this way too it will be left to each Minister to apportion the amount of additional in. come according to the pecullar circumstances of the individuals or the localities where they are employed. Thus, for instance, there will be few parts of the kingdom so affected as the capital by the rise in prices in aU the necessarles of life: take fuel for instance. The price of wood, which Is here used for heating private dwellings, has of late years been rising rapidly, til it has attained just double the price it was 10 years back; not only is the digtance greater from which it must be fetched from the forests where it grows, but also during the past sammer there has been so great a want of water In the inland rivers that the barges have been unable to bring more than half cargoes to the city. The prices of fuel are already double, as mentioned above, in consequence of the scarcity of the supply in the presence of a greatly increased demand, and when the frost comes and closes thenavi- gation entirely there will be no bounds to the prices demanded. Up to the present time the Government has refusel to allow ny facilities for the conveyance of fuel by railway and thus increase the supply. A 'triling evidence of the baneful results of this represaive restrictive system is, that very lately, when the Government adverised for tenders for fuel for' the- public offices, no contractor wan found to send one in at any price. Not only can nobody tell how dear it may become, but also there is no cerainty of there being any meas at all for the conveyance of the goods up to the city. It is understood that Baron Bionow, the Russian Minister here, who has been re-appointed to our Court in the quality of Ambassador, will leave here in the course of J`nuary, and repair at once to his former post. Count Obreptowitsch, the present Minister of Russa at our Court, is expected to arrive here everyday on his return from St. Petersburg and on his way to London, where he will deliver his letters of xecalL It is bis intention to imitate the example of his father-in-law, Count Neseelrode, and retire into private life. In the courme of January or February Lord Wodehoue, also, our present Minister at St. Petersburg, will vacat that post, having completed the term for wbiet he undertook it. Who his succeuor is to be has no yet TEE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. We have received fiIes of papers from the Cape to the 31st of October luclsidve. We taske the folowing from the Cape Town Mait of that date:- "The publio will be glad to Toeen that the Cape Town Railwiy and Dock Company have sent their engloeer, Mr. Brounger, to the Cape, to carry out such a survey as will enable them to conclude the nexasasy contracs with the Colonial Goverment for tho eonatuction of a railway on the bas of the gaantee of 6 per oent., confirmed by the local Parliament last saesdon. Mr. Brounger arzived in the Dane on Thursday, and will no doubt proceed iummedi. ately to surrey the proposed llne from Cae Town to Wellington by Stllenbosch and the PaarL ' This company was lDcorporzkted in IS55 by a special Act of Parliament. The capital Is 600,CO01, with Power to borror 200,0001. more. . Tne number of sbares is M0,000 and nupon 18,500 of that a deposit of 2s. each has been IWad. The first lane of shares will be confined to 25,6.A This company was first In the field. We have no doubt it wlll also bethe first to make an offer grounded on actual surveyandsafficient dabt The Act throws the contracb open to competition, but In the present state of engineering sdernoe, especily in the constractlon of railways, there little risk of mistakes.on elther dAde, even if no competitor enterthellsia. " By the Dane we have papers up to the iSih Septemaber. The Dane Is the firit of a line of staxn-packets to run between Englund and the Cape under contract, ong.vessel to start on the 15th of every mouth. This Is most gratUfing 1ntelligenoe, and the more so as we understand the ' Com. pany' is distinguished for promptitude and exactness. It was n3eer doubtful that such a lIue would pay, if uale proper management. But even if previous attempts had bsen failures from anythlng else than mimanagement, the state of the Cape is very different from what it was seven or eight years ago. Our commerce has been far more than doubled In that ahort space of time. Our wool alono, has risen from 5,000,000 lb. In 1849 to 15,009,000 lb. AA A great an increase has taken place on our wines In quantityand value. On Thursday last there were 58 vessels in Table Bay, mea. suring 30,224 tons, with 1,117 men. In Simonsh Ba there 14 vessels; in Algoa Bay, 23; altogether Jn our ports at the sametlme, 95 vessels. That our progressfrom yeartoyear will be as rapid as it has been slnce 1849 is beyond questlon. That it wIll be much greater no one can donbtwho considers the amount of labour which has recently been received Into the colony, andwhich wl continue toflow into It both from the native tribes and from Europe. With the great public works-roads and bridges-completed, in progress, orzabout to be undertaken, with: the acoesion of thirty or forty. thousand labourers, and the accumulation of wealth from the high prioesof our stple produce inforeigumarkets, the time was fully come for iron roads and steam-packets. In. 'stead of wishing, we think we may promise them saccess."
RHIP AJM LouDo2q. Doc. SL-Wlnl at noon, BW, light bwee, and fine. Brszox Deo. 3L-Wlnd, B.E. ine. Arxned, the Richard3 from Newromudland-Ule Henr ; Imy. fro Limerick-the Sarah An, from Eanar-the Tom, hom Watohet*-tbe AeblUe, from Swansea. Balled, the Mlera, for Demoratbe Arteraw, for riefundlamd -the A. 0. Adams ".tho Donma3ary, for Cuba-the Speedell fcgr Lima-thelfllahero. for l-the Nova }rel4 for Lbon-the mrn. tet,foRSt D M Sel' e KW, daed tho iynmi, ft N m ales-b the C e, f ar Rotka-the BHpnd, dor Glaeow. AnoL, Dec. 279-ofrird, the i mod,fhomSnatheI. gale,tIs fnr deted-the Igar c from wa nden r og TheA ate-the Sf aRen Opehb. fro Iaf-tho 3DiJa fro Brernen f! or31reSoni Bay 8.11.5, the zgus. tor Teacia Dec. SO.-Wind, 8. for Twhr, Dvan SL-Whud, a W den. tog e ln the 21 tningo but coeerer ow ds the rnoon. Sa3eJ, tht6nowdrop. torSea BeAomxs,Deo 27.-The oCaxoine, of Plymouth, fron Ogrounotd for the, le now here otlh bein out eeren waeelm In headwndt and gaes; it iaap .ed her ego boe mferedL The Arnaon, fromn Rita totrHail. wrhic wai aie ahrs Chxaaoon the 21sa,l b now ion to piecer fkna heavy rioribr umi, BteoDES, Dec. 17.-The 3Pocahontu, froms 3Lverpool, which groned in the herbour haereon tin, 2 of Decemaber. wan foate on the 10tih, =nd brought into he inner harbour. whee aU her osro will be landed, that the damag nsy be swerialned. The zrovidence, bound f,r 8m ren agroun In t hobour of Iaa, but baa beenoateod a.a se.p Z aa .a,t DT 3y 30 . d. GvrFenxa, Deo. 5;.-Tee paneheonx eof mDft. bav been pielied up on the north eo . cf thSb rand two of them ae m r3ked Ienzlaee,ud, and Ctrg Caledonian Dil4il," and numbered NzwyoitR, Dec 29.-the Sbakrepes bound for St. Thomaa'r, wbich put back here leayr on the lthof Deoember. ba dlacharged her cargo. NkATA Oct IO.-A bes, supposed to be the Lyrd, from L6idon, hoTe In niht vaterdae but La zos vl5ible toWay. - 6 D,GNM . Dra. 30. a 3miod'aj hszive,t-Tho Daxa romDenia-the iereou, hom GravellTes -e Dana, from halboeT-the,-eed, fro nhGent-the Perevernce font Calaia-thbe BUn. from Glushing-the Acle, from Gravsolnre- e chas from Dannkrk-Ihe MUle, from Lon, DanmxnM 3L.. 9 ae-wI a w.: tkie. Ma Rood; fine. Anived.-The Moselle rnd 1he 3re of Auckland, from RO30erdAM -the afixodofy, from Antwe5 *S4ed.-TMae Lord.J. RNaell, for Dnklrk-the 3er L Banke, for I vr .-lnD.aS.P. tile, bigh water:fine. Anslyed.-The Zepbyr, fom Gravellnew-4be Holad, from Ostana -th Conotdiw from Cala-the a-' and the reri&le, from Dunkirk-the Lord 7Ado, fzom Table Be-the Velocby, from Boalogt -the Soho. from Uavre, Saled.-The Plane, fcr 3ambaug-the Hanover, for Oatmn, 3 p.m.-Wlnd, S.E ; tlde.. econld bois ebb. Artied.-The hine, fcrm Newr Tork-thi Iron 3iter, frnm Datic ,.. Sal-The ste3mer Hanoer for Ottend-the steamer Planet fo. Hamburg-the ete mM DolhDb for hAnterp-the nteaznr S,llpb for Bordeaux. 8 pDm-Wind. B.J; tlde, low water; fine weathat frorT. Arrived,-The Plaret, from the Faltiandslads. Salled.-he steamer Teniaula, for Gibaltar. VWSSLS Spox= Wn'xr. The Uaieet from 3Bomba for Gibalar, on the h of September, in The £zneFe!a bark G1it, fromAkab for &Imouth, Oct. 2A i 1,0 028 iougAOW. ~ log. 9 W The shin Liad Octavle. Nov. 5,In leta . 4N.. long. 21W. TheTamr, fromLoutlonfor Beweatand,ltov.7. inlat. BN,,lony. The Sea tar, tfrom edonfor Shan , Nov. 10, in Jat. lN., bay. The brlg Risk, bound for Cepe TmT, earndsy The Caihanine, five, Celaso for Queaston. xov.17, In 1 2.0 i,. long. re from ehe oausfor Yal ga Oc*1. Inl e S llhe Europe, 1~~~OO i. n st. 378S., Th!re AIblop, from Bundesian for Ceylon, Nov. 18, nba1d. SN., 1ey 26. MGU WATER AT LONDOX-BBRMGZ TRII r,AY. W01giXSz .. .. . - et SIS3°t I A,548XtL I
; .- - I IZBRI; D. ..exs On oWi. OoRWRrXs T.1 I DUBLIN, THUESDAT X i-Wa. . EZoo.cazoi. Lord Johnl Browno was returned yesterday.- JVX troVwer and.4econder were Colonel Knox Gore anu ,olont:liUonp 3Fitzgerald. His Lordship- on belg declared duly ele(ted deliwered an excellent speech, which, it is sad, eompletely' wow over to sis, ide the waverers among tho extrems Liberai paE&,. He promised- to givo an unflinchig. but independent zuppoort tQ the Goverment of Lord Palmerston so long as lhespasued hit present policy, and would resit every nttempt to displ7a the preeast Minit.y. .Everything passed off With the most remarkabletra;nqu4lity, there not having been the slightest attempt at dllsturbance durlng the day.. M, George Mloore ras ;n the court, anmld when the election was,over zddre.sed the people from his hotel, congratulating fhem upon the event of the day. The ex-member sought to impress his heavers vdth the .notio that independent opposition had gained a triumph by theflight of Colonel iggins from the hustings, and that so far the retrur of Lord John Browni was a matter for congratulation. M1r. Moore, is of ouers, to. contest Mayo when the proper time a M!4esthat is, after the dissolution of the present Parliament. A few priests only were in and about the Courthouse at Castlebar yetecrday, and conspicuous among the few was Father Luke Ryan, one of the rev. gentlemen now awaiting the issue of the Crown prosecution. The arl ORD CARMUiLE. The Earl of Carlisle arrived at Klngstowni from Holyhead lst night at 10 o'clock. His Ecellency and suite proceeded to town by special train, and Ihortly afterwards left for the viceregal lodge in l;he park.- - TH OYAL mIARRIAGE. It is stated that the Lord Mayor of Dubiin has ireceived an invitation from Her Majesy fo be :present at the ceremohial of the marriage betireen the Prince Royal and the Prince of Prssia on the 25th of the next month. - THE GRRAT SLA"ER CASE. The last act of this tragic farce is pretty nearly beiDg played out. The speaking, as far as counsel are concerned, concluded yeterday, and the Chief Baron, after a patient hearing of thirteen days, waa enabled yesterday to ciommencea his chiig~e. It is altogether impossible to conjecture wvhat length of time his Lordship's address may occupy. COlnTh CATION B3ETWEEN IONDON A-ND CoRH. The Cork Bxaminzer states that a speoulation is on foot having for its object the improvement of the passenger communication between London and the capital of Mnnstere- "' We have been given to undexatand that a company is being formed for the Durpose of perfecting the presont comLm=nicatlon between Cork ana London by the Miiford route, and that a nutLbezof leading men of this city have alreadY conEented to act as dlrectors it this side of ite Channel. ItJs intended, as we have been informed, to procure a eufficient ninbher of veseels of great speed and power, at least egual to those now plying between Dublin and Holyhead, m order to cure a daily.- ommuniea&)on between Cork and Milford, and thns, per rail, betwecn London and the principel tradig towns and clties of England. The main object in having vessels combining the requisite speed and power is to shorten the sea portion of the jounmey, and to reLder the entir me employed in the journey between Cork and hondon.as smil sa-osdble. It- appers that the Idea of forming this company is greatlr owrAg to the success which the yat ihas had dozing the time of her being on the line, herretturm from all kids of traffic having far exceeded all anticipations when she was first put uaon it. It has been further stated tous that not only wil the required capital be subecibed an- few weeks, but that the Fost-offlce authorities are rmost favourably disposed towards the groject, snd are willing to afford it valnable a,SiSth =00. ~~THE FUNI DS. Three Cc t.Consols (shut), 93 ; ditto, for account, Janauxy S, 93fg4 A; ditto, for new account, Februay 9, 93Q j; blewr Three per Cent.: BtoCk, 93493 93 ; ditto, for account, January S, 934 i; ditto, for newr account, February 9. 939 i; Cank ~Sock (shut), 232 cx, div. for opening; Hibernian Bank (25L paid), 32 ex. div.; Cilty of Dublin Stea (1001. aiid), 7V:!
TE2R VBRNACULAR LANGUAGES OP IWDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF TEIR ES. Sirs-I hare read with much satisfiaction theletter of your intelligent correspondent "Philindus." It is indeed high time for us to wipaway the reproach that Orienta llterature is less cultivated in this country th in some others which have not. a foot of soil In India, and the still greater reproach that wo do not even provide for our young men proceeding to' India having that ordinary -knowledge :'of tho colloquial language without which it isiimpossibleoforSthem todo their duty in anystateof life tOwhich heynaayhbocaled there. The hindrance to the cause of good government and religion in India which has anisen from this is not to be told. In order that the discssionmay take a practical.form I will uggeat a course of 'proceeding for consideration. 1. That an institution shoula ba established in London for the cultivation of Asiatic Languages, and especially of thoee of India and China.- 2. That the selection of the several classes of public servants,n-civi, military, clerical, &oqshould have reference to their general education and qualifications3; but that, after they have been so selected, they sould not be permitted to proceed to India until they have received a certificate from the governing body of the niew institution that they are sufficiently instrmcted in the elements of one of the vernacular langeuage of the presidency to which they have been designated. 3. That persons not in the public service, intending to proceed to India as missionaries, merchants, planters, or in any other capacity, shoud be at liberty to attend the classes on 'an equal footing with persons selected for the public service, and to offer themselves for esanatio:n in order to obtain a certificate of qualification. 4. That faeilities should be afforded for the voluntary cultivation of the leared and more difficult languages, such as Sanscrit, Arabic, and the literary dialect, of the Chinese, followed by appropriate examinat;ons and rewards for distinguished students; and that the profeasprs should be encouraged to publish, in forms suited for popular use, the result of their researches into the literary, social, and relgiou state of the several Eastern nations.' 5. That the government of the institution should be vetted in a chancellor, vice-cbancellor, and counciL appointed by the Crown on the same footing as tha governing bodies of the University. of London and the Queen's University in Ireland, care being, of course, takenthat all the interests Involved are reprezented in the council ; and 6. That" as the object of the institution will be eminently of a national kind, the building, the library, and a portion of the salaries of ihe professors should be provided by Parliament, and that the remainder of the remuneration of the professors should be derived from fees paid by the Atudents. The excellent libray at Haileybury might be transferred to the hinMitution. This plan would would not interfere with the acquisition eisewhere of other attainments by young maen intended for the different branches of the public service, such as a knowledge of law by clviliann, or the elements of military science by cadets. Hindustani, Bengali, Tamil, and the other vernacular languages would be attended to first, as the most necessary; and qualfied native teachers would be obtained in order that the students might, from the commencement, acquire a correct flWfll',flnp?thn T - Aho - London Dec. 3 II - INDOPHILMU
THE IfATE MIE. EDWARD BULTOCY--TWS gentle- man died lt hils fesidenoe, Upfield, nle&rStroud, Glocesterabire, on Surtdzy, $be 27th InaL Tho deceased gentle. man was the eldest son of Mr. Edward Bullock, late of tho Island of Jamaica, and was edueitea at Eton and at Christ Churob, Oxford, where he graduated seoond cims In clasicsin8S22. HeoawcalledtothebarbythefHon.Soci3ty of the Inner Temple In 1824, amd, went the Home Ciruit till be was appointedIn 1840 Judge of the Shenff's Court of London and Commisioner at the Old Bailey, which he held till he was raisedto the office of Common Sezjeant of the ct of ndon In 1S50, rhich liat offioo he was com. ollcd to resign by ill-heAlth in December, 1855. Mr. Bullock mmred in 1832 Catherine, youngest daughter of the late Mr. Joseph Crlpps, I.P.$ by whom he had five childrcn. SHEEP POxSO2N-G.-Eleven sheep were found dead In the fold of Mr. Danby, farmer, near KErtou, 23orth Lincolnshire, on Sunday morning. An examnlnatlon of the anlmals wuna mads; *hon it was found that they had been poisoned bg atrjchniue, and the supposition is tSh deadly drug had been forced down their throats; Battle's "vermin }Lef' being the medium throughwhich it is belIved to have been adminiatered. A reward of 501. has been offred by Mr. Danby, and 504 more by his neighbous, for ae, detection of the offender or offenders. In oonnexio2L with this subjoct it may be mentioned that a few days ago tso fine s'eera, the-property of MIr. J. Taylor, af Susmecrhill, near Gains'corongb, suddenly dropped doirn in the fieIdGd ot ofO them2 died, the other beDn saod ~vith difficulty. I' was ascertained that the animalshs.d Wan cropping a yew fence which hounded Air Taylcr'~ saxden. ^ud thatthe. attach wrat owigto tll s cs3t,
- * 41 A .t,L OF TBOOPS IN -.r{i7 - (3zXO the CaLXt4sZEnoWUxahn of Th- 9- I ABRPVAI aP T0oo0PaW 1N1DIA, IN COONTIUATAON OF Oum LASIT OVBATI5 SUMLtLY. ins zoiowmsg 8hppIng Intelligence hi received from Arrived At Gale. the Robert Lowae n the 25th of October; sailed for CAnnanore on the 26th of October; with lst batt,a'i7 of lsb Royc, mine off9oers, ene lady, and 424 mnen. The 38th Regiment, with the e 3ception of the headl quarted had on tho 3d of November been despathhoed to The John Bell is on her passae to Caloutta. The Defiance- o her arrival at Galle w ic be lespatoheo to mhFRolin tm with the remainder of the Royals. The =hrwind and the Bnaaex arrived on the 29th of October with the tindernentlened troops :- The Wblrlwlnd-19 th Regiment, 10 A=4rs 263 privates, &c., 9 women and children; 4 2d Regiment, 8 offi.ers 76 men-total, 366. * The Su%ex-2dlFatal6hnRBIlo Bflgsde% 17 officers and 33 meen; 3d Battalion, 12 3nen-tote], 36 mena. Thiee trooser tr ssbhipped to Hor 1Ajesty' ship Adventure on the 30trh an=d3lst andaleft for Calcutta on the 1stinst, callng at Trinoomnale for aaetmechment of the 37th (or 17th IRegime t) fera psgO to WClutta. The Wilia Hammnd arrive,d on the 30thi of October, and sailedfor Caleuttwoutho 31st. The Eallarat arrived on the 4th of Noveraber, with the 3d battallon. of tlheM6th Regiment, 10 officers, and 191 men - fiBtiteimen, 2offiers and76 en;Rifle Brigade, 2d. The eadquater ofRer~iaest's 5thi loot have arried t BobayIn te sip- eecwort, wich left thei Capeon he 3thf Setemer.Themendisembarked at-
IOUTKANKT BALKBLD. TO TE EDITOR OF TEE TTUES. Sir,-I trust you vwill permit me to occulpy as mall space in youlrcoluns min connenlon with that- patt of thebistory ofhe waDr in Indid in whZich. poo.r Sa3keld's name has becomze so honouably conspicuous. The simple narrative of that deed of true heroism by which, at the gate of Delhi, he met his death carried with ii a proof of whathe was as a soldier. NTo act could have caUled fbr greater devotion to duty, or required in its performance a greater combinatiou of English pluck, as found in the young,with a cool. neMs of execution worthy of the mosti tied 'f veterans. This young officer hs not more distingised himself in his profemion by his devotion to hiS country's service of his life than he stands dlistingulahed in the memory of those who knew him for his virtues as a Pon and brother. His father, a clergyman in Dorsetshire, by a r- verse of fortane some yeam snce, w4s with a large family reducd, I may say, to utter poverty. IThi, his soldier son, supported outof his own profesrionalcoome one of his brothers at school, helpinlg a zister,obliged fo ear her 6*5n breadasa ;goirneiu-s to put another brother to school. Just before his death he had saved asum of 1,OOOLg which was ia the Bank at Delhi, and was therefore lost-to him, and, inore than this, It was lost- to the honourable purpose to whbicih, naS sonad brother, he had devote:d it. ID his native-countys as ryour advertising -olumns of lt week will l;ave informed -you, it was determined to erect a monument to his memory by subhaIption. Cadetships have been given to tyro of his young brothers, it is now wisely resolved that while the memorial which is to hand down his name to &osterity In -conBxieon vrith his gloriouEs death shall be all that is neoessary for the purpoae, every farthing collected beyond the sum necessaryfor-this shall be expended as he would ha3ve eired, for -the good of these hi young brbther&. The expense of the proper outfit, &c., is heavy,-not so heavy, I trs, but that local eympatly might in the end meet it; still, I and others feel that this-is ai case in1 which we are justified in inviting any who may be di sed o to do to aid in the work. Pulnch-first in his particular line of fun, but ever ready to be among .the foremost to point vhere modest want needs the aid it will never be_ -has told of the calling of poor Salkeld's ister. She, I believe, would be the last of that valuable but tried sisterhood to which she belongs to dream of asking for aught she cannot ea. Still, Sir, let the benevolent not for one moment doubt but that in helping those she with her poor brother spared not themselves to help, they 'wil lighten many an hour of that life which; I fear, must for a long time yet be one the future of which will have its owvn clouds. I wirl only now add my firm conviction, from my own knowledge of the -parties who have this good work in hand, that every farthing intrue to them wnilI 1!s; w..AiX i Asn'l -nAlv nA DMo SO. - ~S. G. OSBOBN3.
TO 2HZ.DITOR OF.M.56 27ZM-S Slr,-About a vreek ago your columns contained a letter from a corrmpondent who advocated the pan of lighting ats atthetop, iuntead of at the bottom, and quoted I ovawn ofthe good effeob of this pln. I have tried the plan, andW35]1 to try it further,butIsill bsgladH your corresponderh ulli inform mo through your coluns hov he ficis to befed andklept up. If the coals are put on the top the firo becomes one of the ordinary lind; ,and yet I do not see howr they can be applied otherwise after theo f ra is onen lI,hteeL X.
On Wednesday evening the Bishop of London preached to the worling-men and their familiee in St. Anne's Church, Soho. The church waw crowded with that class of hearers which had been specially invited in the following letter :-" My Fxiends,-I propose, God wllDing to preach in the parih church of St Anne. Soho, on the asstWednesday intheyear. ItwMillbea great satsfaction to me if by your preence, you willllow mo to deliver a message sitable to the seaon to the working.men and their families inrour pooulons pdrish. Iam, my friends, yours faithfolly in Chrfit Jesus, A. C. London." The sermon was an earest temlporaneous address throughout, the text being taken from Relations mdl, llth verse Efi Lordship dwelt with great force on the subject of the old and now ye-r, deth, and jucdment, dwelling affectionatel y on the promises of the Gospel to sinners, and lesting the popular objection that Goa Is of greter mercy than to aiow. any zoul to perish. His LorEship had some difficulty in resebing his carriage, owlig to the crowd of people wrhish still beset thq doors of the church. 5Thm OLD LivEnPooL Dox Co,muu'Ell-LfvE. POUL, December 3L-The last meeting of the old eominittee composed of nominees of the IJverpool Corporation and of representative. of~ tha dock ratepayers was held this afternoon. Mr. ltobert Rskia the deputy chairman, gproposed a rote of thanks to Mr. Charles Turner, who bad held the offioe of chairmn durinzg the past EiX year. Mr. Ralph Brockiebank second the proposlton taking occasion to speak in high terms0f Mr. Tunner's ability and attention to the arduus and important daties of his offio. Mr. Flnt, as representing the Liverpool Corporation, endorsed the atatements made by previous speakers as to the valuable aervicesrendered to the ;Oumerce of the port by Mr. Turner. The proposition wa nannimouslyt carsied. Votes o£ thanks werer also given to the vice-chairmanan d the offlesrs ofthffe committee.! Ia PooiI, Thursday.-The Liverpool, New York, and PhladelpMhi Stemship Compnannounce to-day that thgy recommence with the steam an arDo& sailing tor lNew Yorkc oni the 13th ot January, their Piu,,r Ifo!snszhtly sailings, which werer dropped duing Declber o'alsB to the temposy cesain of ahipmen t3a. hSieam, Idip Boaphers, belonglg to the saniP onmp'.oy, has arived hence a; Soutbampon tocayboaw egda giaiI~ to he vSeo£Good Hop.,
LI-NDIA, AND- eH CHINA. TBM CALCUTTA MAIL. I B3y the riv,. ^f the a1cuRA mn,il- we hive receaved our private - pondence, and XMes of p4Lpen from Calcutta top the 24th of _Novaber, and from 3Iongkong t6 the 3fth of Novenmbir. (rFox O OWU R OmOT I *e *t CALCtiCfliA, TOv. 23. T!he cloulds are .broakirapidlg garison of Lucknow has been relieved, and althoul'1 ie cdanuger is not actually over, the destr ction of s'he sity and the disperson of the rebels. appear, humanly rpeahk Dg, inevitable. Sir Cohin Campbel aive4 s a pore,on the 3d of Tovqember. It -n-as believed thae he wouldadvance immediately, and, 1ndeesate%ments apparently auLtentic were ~reived. a:. h arisal at the Aluntbaggh. 16 appe , hosrever that he.'waited gorumome heavy guns which were 36ig ponf the road. As Sir JamesOutramhaainfzmxd him that le could hold out for some daaysIcuiger, he delay was-siniple wisdon. At lengh,- on the-lit,,h of liuvember, he sitated with two squadrons of cavalry Eas an escart, and a sharp ride of- 40 miles brought him the . same evening to his camp. There he found the: following forc colletedsHewm joined at the Alunisbagh by* 900 effiectim .men, and had '.ith him, besider, two troops cP European Horse A-tillery mnder Captains Remng.- ton and Blunt,-witk fiVe guns eaci; - 'a peun' I ROre battery under CaptaziBouchier; 60 Eurxopean RoyaI Artillery, With two 1Spoders tmd two 8-inchmortaxs; 320 of the 9% Lancers; asquidron of -Sikhz and Pathans-from 'thie lt, 2d, and 5th Panijal vai8rg1 rnd -ftmo -odso1i aor-s:421l -gether 430 men, 600-of Her Majesty's 8th and 95th R{egiments; 1,00 of the 2d and 4th Punjkb and Sikh Infantry; two CoipanY's Sikh Sappqrs, and rome of the old Sapperi and Miners; newly the .whole of Her Majesty's 93d Righlendera; 2O0 of Her-Majesys 5th-- Fsileers; 350 men of' Her Majesty's 53d; 300 of the Naval Brigadel; with guns, and two squadrons of Cavalry, with two guns, that escorEed the Commander-in-Chjef from Cawnpore tD the British encampment. " Some of the camp followers had died of -hunger, but the Europeans were m tolerable condition, and the entire force, though short-handed as to art}llerymeii, was in admirabl) order. At the Alumb&gh ho was -joined by as European disguised as a native, with despatehes from Sir James 'Dutram. 'Theeinformation they cbntsined -ehunged tihe Comma,ndfer-in-ChieEs plans. He had iutended,: as I informed you, to cross the . Goomtee, shell out the enejAy from the further zide of thie stream, L and bring off the women and children undertcover of hi3 guns., Re found, however, that the garrison was in good heart, able to hold on, and mo3t anxtou3 that no thoughti of. them should impait the. completenew of the victory. He discovered also that to croas the Goomtee would be to spare the moEt - dangerous.portionofthe.town. The enclosed plan of the city wil explain the difficulty, the quarter furthetkfrom the Reddeney being the one bacupied by:thqmainlbody of themutineers. AccDrdingly, al preparatIOns being completed, on the 13th of NoYember he attaked and blew ap Jellaabad, snml fort tLear.thsAlumbagh. -On the l th, foDlowriag up his stroke, he stormed the Martinlere-the great forEfied house built by Claude Maxtine--Ad tIhe D1lkoo5ha, the XlUngs ?Ilace. Thence, after repulsing one desperate sortie, he advanoedl upon the Cit proper, 6mhing his way,,as-heuiad t heat ened, with his big guns. On the 10th ha croaed the canal upouL the Secinder-bsgb, ':which -was ca=ried after a modt severe sttruggle, the enemy. suffering enormously.' "These poaitions having been occupied, the Sa}muck was at!ached with heavy artUlleMr far-three hours; it was carrled at dlsk, after one of the severest fights ever -witnessed. :3a.rly oni the 17th communications w-ere opened to the left rear of the bariicks-tos'ards the- canuL: A-cannonaae having been kept up all the morning ln the Mess-house, that vary stron.-iosition was carried by !assault at 3p.m. The troolpstpuhed rapidly onafter carying -the Mess-house, and arere ableL to eeize the Aothee -Mahal before dark. -Sir James Ontramn ad Sir Henry HxLelokck then came out to meet the Comminnder-In-Chief. The Commi:sderxin-Chiefs wound is very aught, and doesn ot interfera with his duty. In other word, the Dominander-in-(Chief had fought his way right through the great vaburb east of the Cawnpore road. -lo details of hbb losd have yet transpired, but it must have been verv considerable. The enemy fought splendidly, as they always do under cover, or on ground where thiftiness is irore valuable than steady valour. The list of offics killed and wounded is a heavy one in proportion to tho force Sir Colin rappesrs to have iaken hbImelf and hbi staff into the thick of it, forgetting that his death at this mroment would be am di;satrous zw a defeat. It must have been a srge meeting that between hdm and General Havelock, both having awDmplished the stame teak in the tame way, though' It may be hopea with a differentresult. It is understood that Sir Colin Campbel's firat objec is to send off the sick and wounded women ana children to Cawnpore. It is supposed that thin task i easy, as hin cDMmunications have evidently been kept open. He will then open firo on the remainder of the City, reduce it as far as poalble to a rain untenable even by Sepoys, and then establish himself frmly either in the Residency or one of the :Palaces. Ax reinforcements axrrvetheyaretobeformedintoflyi-g colunns,whicb, radiating from Lucknow,1wll cleanse Oacle, Gorackpore, andthe North-Fast countries. To strengthen these columns every soldier who arrives wt Banares is ordered on to Cawnpore, -with strict injunctions not to fight if he can help it by the road. T-is order leaves Benaes,f- Alahabad, and Bohar almost defenceless, but the new fort at the fornaer place iIn rising rapidly, and will contain ¶0,000 renxs. Alla' habad is imilarly protected already, and. kehar:, though denuded of Europeans, is garrisoned by twO regiments of Sikh police. Daring Sir Cohn Campbell's stay at Cawnpore an incident occured which will how you better than any words of mine how critical vras the postion. The GwaEor miutineer, with so me 5,000 men-1,500 of them cavalry-25 siege guns, and a large siege train, were at Calpee,4-8 mileBfrom Ca'wnpore., It was rnmoured that thcy intexndedL to advance. If they had done so the Commwnder-inChief must have stopped to obauise them,cr: leave his rear exposed to the enemy, and hIs supplies, including his ammunition,-to capture or destruction. In the meantime Lucelow migbi have fallen, and with it the prestige secured by th1e fall of Delhi. -The Gwaliofimbu, howmver, darel not advance, a fact -which speaks volumes aa to the military cpacity of their leaders. . Accordincg to one account they ramain immovable; ccording to another they are 'prepaing' for the attack. on Cawupor The former rumoulr Is the less probable, as the mutineeD; living altogether OM plunder must mowe an their SUpplies fail. . sc Speculation isrife as to the fuhre poicy oC thE rebels. They are momewhat preamature, as it is nc4 absolutely impossible that Sir Colin Campb&Ul inap be shut np as Sir Eenry Havelock was, buat, the two pla s ttributed to them deserve a notice, Awacrdirg io oe opinion they will, on thefall Uof Lucnovr, d1perse, seek shelter iu the 400 forts with -whIch Oude is studded, 5nd thre maintin Q denuhtory wa. According to another, they wil die. perae, QVtinm&r ua vq thay haya ;lways- ,doQ,
BENA. I :1 (moM OUp OWN C00=ZrONDZNT.) ! FlUNuSiU.Nut, NOV. iLp. The steamer Shanghai with the 26th of Septe&hber mail from England arrived here on the 12th inst. The steamer Ganges with the outward mails leaves this morning. I - It was mentioned that General AshburnhamI and Staff, with other military officials, would be leauing about this time for Calcutta in the steamer Ava, and that Lord Elgin would move into Head-quarter House. Nothing definite, wq believe, is settled as to these changes, awaiting the arrival from Calcutta of a steamer with late advices. The gratiflng intelligence,received by the msil-steamerfromlddia, of the fall of Delhi and the relief of Lucknow allows is to hope that some troops may be spared from India for China, in which case if sent at once they would arrive at a very opportune moment. The following have, been the additions to the naval force in theEe waters since the 30th nlt,:- Her Majeaty's. steamer Furious, with gunboats Woodcock and Watchful, arrived from Manifla on the 4th inst. ; Her Majesty's storeship Resper came in on the 10th, and the steamer Volcano on the 11th inst. The despaach steamer Surprise, twith the gunboats C.own and Janus, arrived fromManilla yesterday. The gunboats Firm and Kestrel were at Manila, arid Her Majesty's steamer Farious has gone over to accompany them across. a The steamer imperatrix, with the second detachment of the Rloyal Marines, arrived here on the 6th inst., after a prosperous passage. The United States' Minister, his Excellency the Hon. W. B. Ilead, arrived here on the 5th inst. in the steam-frigate MUinnesota, and landed on the 7th inst. under a salute from the fort and a guard of honour. The Russian steamer America, with Admiral Pontiatine, the Russian Mnister, arrived yesterday, and the usual salutes were exchanged with the shore and the flagship. It is understood that with the approval of Lord Elgin operations against Canton will be resumed towards the end of the monthb The flagship proceeds u-p the river at once. There may be some delay in moving the forces up to Canton, as a portion of the marines expected from Calcutta dEngland have yet to arrive. The naval force will be ad as much as possible by troops from this place, and it is arranged, we believe, that the French are to co-operate with us in the attack Probably the total available force for the attack will be about 5,000 men of all arms - That it iz purposed to rume hostilities against canton at an early date is pretty generally known among the Chinese. It is difficult to get information as -to the preparations that have been made at Canton to resist an attack; but Chinese saynotiing hasa- been done, and that a large number of the soldiers have been taken away to keep the-rebel in check in the iuterior. This appears to be probable, for the Pein G=.tfwes come down to the Ist of October and mention that Yeh has requested permission to defer the usnal inspection of the troops tillthey are less actively employed. " Fighting going on everywhere' in the Kwang-tung province, '" although the. English barbarians are quieter than-before," he states, it woiid be wrong at present to recall the troops from delending Canton. .Her Majesty's steamer Hornet arrived from Ningpo and Amoy yesterday. The ship Neleus, with invalids of the 59th Pegiment, wan towed out of the harbour yesterday, on her way to Exgland. She was to call at Singapore and the Cape of Good Riope. At Eongkong all remains quiet. The buslr.es done in imports has been very trifling during the last fortnight, in consequence of the trifin stocks on thel market. Cotton.-Bombay as last quoted, $16 to $17. Cotton Yarn.-Holders ask advanced rates. Nos. 16-24 quoted $32; Nos. 28-32, $36; Nos. 3842, $45. Shirtingg.-Importations have been trilling, Ena prices are vell supported. Grays, $2 .25c. to $3; Whites, $2 40c. to $3 16c. Woollens are miuired for.. Spanish Stripes, $1 llC. to $1 1iC.; Ltong , $10 to S11; Cam2 lets, S23 to $25. Tin-plates, $8 60c. lron.-Nail-rod, $3 75c. to 4 20c, Lead.-$7 70c. Rico declined after the departure of ILt rtsl owing to the favourable accounts of the mative cr`p, but has since advanced to previous quotationE. Bengal, $2 5c. to $2 30c.-. CantonL Silk.-There have been no setUlements for Great Blitain. Bulion.-Sycee silver, 6 per cent. premium ; bar silver, 6O per cent. premium ; gold, $22 75c. per 1 tael. Exchange on Englind, six mchths' Eight bills, E4s. 1Ojd. to 4s. lid.; on Bombay, 227rs.; on CalI cutta 220rs. to 221r There is ample tonnage for wants. From Amoy our dates are to the 12bh inDs. In tea the transactions had been limited. A fair business was done in imports. at raftier improved rates. Foochow dates are to the '7th imt. The native authorities were endeavouriug to change the currency of the por' into Mexican dollars. The scarcity of Foochowr dolla,rs checked settlements of teA n the early part of last monthj, but the dealers latterly being willing to accept lIedicn dollars and Sycee silver at current rateSs, a consderable buidne was done. Prices were considered about 2 tiels lower. Settlements, 22,500 chests congou and 4,"00 half-chests oolong. Stock stated at 100,000 chests congeu,held for 17 to 25 talls. No supply of pekoes or souchong. Oolongs arrving very slowly. Two vessels were on the berth for London. S;hanghai advice ae to the 7th inst. Shirtings.-Prices had given way, owiug to holders being anxious to quit. Grays, To. 183 to To. 27; whites,Ts.16toTs.215. The transactions in tea had been limiteed, as the teamen were demandinghigherratasthman foreignen were willihngto pay. Prices almost unaltered. Remaining stock was estimated at 60,000 cheats black tea and 85,000 packages gramn. Silk.-The market had beeu quietS and setidements of only 3,000 balesreported. Pices were lower 10 to 15 taels. It is difficult to forinan opi non of the Eupply for the season, so much depending on prices. Total exports for this season to date, 39,800 bales, against46,414 bales last year. Quotations were- Taels. Taels. No. Tsatlee ... 440 No. 1 Taysam ... 34.5 2 ,, ... 420 2 ,, ... 330 3 ,, ... 400 S ,, ... 310 4 ,, ... 38 4 ,, ... 295 Exchange on England closed at 6E 7d. and as. 9d.; on India, 295rs. to 300r. Freights to England 31, for tea, and 61. for silk. The Spanish steamer Jorge Juan arrived from 31anilla yesterday, bringing dates to the 10th of November inst.: clayed sugar, $8 ; sun-dried Fampanga, $75' Freights to ]&gland 31. lOs. for sugar. Exchange on England, 4s. 2kd. ; Mexican dollars 17 per cent. premium. Our latest dates are from England 26th of S3ptember- Calcutt, 8th of October; Bombay, 16th of October; Sinlgapore, 2d iNovember; ManIa, 10th of November; Mtelbourne, 15th of September; Shanghai, 7th of November. COM1Y[ECIAL INIELLJIGENCE. (From the COaltft Rhglslaman.) TE CALCUTTA MAIET, NOV. 24. On the 12th inst. the Peninslar and Oriental Compary'a steamiship Nubia put us in possesion of the London mail, of the 10th ult The most impor.ant of t}l3 commerl advicesreoeived bytbis opportui arethebincreasing tigina ss of the money-mnaket and the raising of its rates by the Bank of England. This intelligenoe hag, as yet, soarcBly sproduced any effecti en our maike. Our prodnce-mrket has remained in the sa-me state as reported in our last, and, although supplies have come in more freely, holders do not shov awdispositln toD submit So any mLterial reduction in their demands, and oonsequently business contnues to be done on a moderxte scale only. The accounts from the Upper Provinces are cheering as regards the rebellion, and we hope to see shortly things settling down to their former leveL It will, of course, tzi&a some months before confidence can be pex!ectly re stred. We are not apprehensive of any great falling off in our supplies of saltpetre and other articles produced in the disturbed districts, but, in casetbere be any, it will be more than made up from other quartr. - We are unable to report much acilvity In our impDri market, and, with the exception-of one or two articles, the purchases are mostly on specultion or to meet local wants. Inb Britisih piece goods a fair aeut of transactions haa taken place; and, although native dealers have continmed to act with bettor confidence, our communication with the op-country mairts is not sufiicently estblished, ncr are iihe means for the safe conveyance of merchandise ample enoegh for therequirements of the trade toadmit ofalgeb ness being done. The advance in the price of piece goods which we noticed inour last has been maintained in most cases, though the demand has not beEn brisk- during the fortnight under reylvew. In metals we have only to report a moderate business. Money Market.-The improvement noticed in our List ssue has continued unchecked. The affairs of the Bank of Bengal have been gradually assming a better aspect, and, though the amount of silver has been steadily increashig, the bank hasnot in any manner lowared its rates. Iu the bazaar, however, greater facilities are experienced and accommodatioas obtained on more favourable terms, notwithstanding that capitalto alarge extent is looked up in opium now in China and on its way to that country. We do Dot nticidpate any further improvement, or even a continuance of the present state of the money-market, as s.'e have reason to believe the demands of the trade will shortly comr mence to act unfavoorably on the finanoes of the country, and place us in the same position as we were in a couple of months ago. We insert below the last published statement of the liabIlities and assets of the Bank of Bengal for the week ending on the 18th inst., which, as compared with the statement under date the 4thinst., given in our last, shows an increase in the amount of cash from Co.'s Es. 85,78,330-12-S to Co.'s Its. 1,29,59,132-7-1; clecrease in the amount of Ioans on deposit of securities frcm Co.'8 Es. ,66,31,92 2- to Co.'s Rs. 1,46,44,743-2; wad increase in the issue of bsnk-notes and post-bills frem Co.7s Fts. 1,08,37,478-15-8 toCo.'s Es. 1,38*53.714-8. Jomt-btocir Dhares bave well maintadned their value, and in many instances an advance has been obtained on oar last quotations. Bengal Bank shares are higher, and Agra Banks nre wanted at 675 r. to 700 r., or at a premium of 200r. per share. India Generals ar wanied, and there are ready buyers at 1,200 r. Assam Tea ssares areinquired for at 300r.. but no seDers. The new Copper er.es are wauted, but there appear none availsble sa veat a premium. BengAl Coal Company's shares are in favour, and ome few isles of ait India Coal shares have been mado at 10r. discourit. North-West Bank shares are in disfavour, end for Delhi Bank shres there are no buyers Government Securitiee.-Soon after the departure of tVie Lsst mnail a slight improvement took place i1 the vale of blio stocks nntil the Fours wesre plaaedat 21 r. per sent, t thero wfere purcaers For alaU aaimoate only. The improvement, however, baa asome been lost, and our malrket elosed at 22r. 8a to 23r. for the Fours, am! lOr. 8a. to 11r. per cent. dinoomt. Olker seeiUs are nominaly quoted. Exohange.-On London.-The rates for the ns&i openad at 2s. 2d. for first class s,xooutb' sight creditr, ut the rates have since receded, and we now quoto th6 *samne Tapers at 2& lid. t- 2s. 2d.; d6cnments at 2s. 2jd t1) 2 2jd. perrupee. i * On China.-Sixty dare Eight :pethays bIm ld LA 217r. to 219r. per $l0_helzat belng the clo6ing.quoatloxi. On Sirgapore some business has been done at216i. -`7 - Freight.-We have noth ad say mateSl. alteration in the rates to Great BritaiuD anud, notwithstanding the great -number of arrivils duig the foas ghtand someOf 12e vessels being of Bnum y larg diensziors i;m doe, not seem to bi. any. want of emploument for the abipe rnig into our port. Large engagements have been in prc. gresssWry day for differenst prts of-theWorlIC, alidinmanXJ' cases lower rates have been acoepted for iUmediate shipi 3ment. Tdking the different creumst.noes connecte7&wit-t the freight market intu oonaDdsralon, such as the sbunuanoi of ailable tonngae in our port aj prestys, ste am reration nf a large addition, aay to-the-extent ofr 60,000 or 7 0,000 toneI from Great Britand aooe, and she f:st of the nebw crop nf rice nut coming Sndo anrket for aothern sixeeklls, -efdo llotseeauyprubabllityaf an immeiate ianrrmetw the rates now rulng B1IIPPING INTELIGiENCE:. AInV.AIs FRM G wBru. At Hlongkong.-lNov. 4, fler kajesby's ste time2sFroIIE, Watchful, and Woodoock, fErom Plymouth; the Abel Tasman, from Sunderlaud; the John Bobini,on, from, Shields. Nov. 5, the Mary Gixdrdr f;rom BhIelds. Nov. 6, the steemer Imperstrix from Portimouth; the Faerie Queen, from Cardiff. No-v. 10, Her lWoretyli steacer Hresper. from Plymouth. Nov.11, theRemanglon, from BErtlepool; -tbe Spray of the Ooean, from london - the Nagasakt, from EawtlepoQl; the Prins V:Idmaasbalt, from Newcastie; Her Majestys steamer Volano,- front Iymouth. Nov. 12, the Anna Helene, from. NNewcastle; the Alcoy, from N Jwport; the Concnrrent, from Cardiff; the Susanne and Elizabeth,from Cardiff; theQeenofkAr, from Sunderland; t Se Norma, from Hrt]apool. Noi'. 13, HerMjesty's stermers Janu, Olowr and Surprie,-friom. PlymouthL A t ShanghaL-Nov. t the Abdul 3Medjid and the Sirth. more, from london. lTev. 3, the AIerolite, fromtLlndon, DFR&nrUxxS TO Gpxsi rus. -B Prom ShnL-Oct. 30, the Ccunteas of Suaield, foxr London. Snms O0 WAn At Anmgong.-Her M ajeaty's tners Cidua ace. hoAse (soop). h aHne, Mak, slr p r, erls,Oor zandei;gperajerSatysgunbo'stAlgedne, Brer,Batmrod. jlotn, Dove,gDrate, Haughty, r ean er, Jaup, SCa ng Surprise, Volcano, Watchful, -Woodooch. Amner-Lce1 steamers tinuesota, San Jainto AmeicnW Piiocps LfVantx Portsmouthh. French steamers areaa, wleurth DItLtcL sieamer N £edmsaz :reh ateamer America. At getFo.-Portnguoee brig AlMonhgo, loroha mZon, At moy. er.-Her majesty' ate e t Comus. At Aoocho r.-Her Majesty's sloop sAonilla. At Ningoo. -Her Majesty's steamersrHornLet, Jhroc At Sba.eghat-Her ajegstyfy steamer Pique;r Her MaLjesty's gunzboat Cormornt P; renchL shp Cafroles; French steamcer Durnce. At the Erotheras-FxenchL stearner Audacleuto; * PrenckL hbip Nemesis; French sLeamers Oatin, PIli,ltovr Pray nsutuet; b renchgnbts Avabmohe, Dragunue, zaO. At Canton Eiver.-Her aIztljdy's steamerse NTinki Syhilie, A ctreon; Her Iajeety's.slcope Acon, Blirlern, Elk Her Maj^esty's steamners Hlghflyer; Sampson;* He:r Ma' esty'N guLnboats Borester, Lee, Loran, Opossum, Plovar, SlanLey Stanch,
STATF OF EGYPT. (vr.ox OUR OWN conim-CTONDIuml ? I AIEXAXD-iEA, flEc. 23. The Bombay mas, -whleh racled Sueez by the Peidn oDL the 18th inst, were forwardlja hene on the folpDwing d,,ay by the Peninsulsr and Oriental Companys *tm_Eu l ae. Til boat has been sent on to MaErpelleW to tike np her tation there, and will open the new line Of commu4icaton withindai, returning to Alexandria about the1 0Iproxlim with the first Intermediate sail for Bombay. The Abeon, with Her lfjeswys 9A4h B.gIn.t, et Yio to India h1 just came into por. All the MecMary prepo. rations for the transit of these troops have beenmade before. hand against their expected arrivaL The men will be sent up by rail In two detachments, with an Interval of one day between them. AEs yo are awre, however, the extremitir of the line sti fals about 25 miles EhDrt of Suez, and ior this portion of the journey about 910 dionkeys hae been pro_ viced by the Transit Administration. The idea of one ofP Her ajest's regiments scouring a.cros the Desert on these 3atber unusua chargers may be permittBd to excite a smlle, and wi no doubt be productive of much joculty amon the men, but setting aside all ludlarous ideas' that may suggest themselves to a European mind iL connooeoi with the matter, the choice of thiB means of conveyance is by ro means an injudicious one. It would be most difficult, nob to my impossible, to supply a sufficient mnmbe art -vaof s anc horses. and unless the menwere mrhsed, -the only alterna. five would be to mount them on camas. The ]atter h, doubtless, a dignified and even a sculeum demoanour, but IrL point of comfort as weU a of speed no one -Who has travelled in Xgypt idil hesitate in giving The-preference to thu Emaler but more active and easy-paced aximaiL I It has already been sufficiently shown tbht the trnt through Egypt of a few hundred men at a time .offers no serious dlfficulty;of any nature whatsoever, and, indeed, hitherto little or no extra prepanition has bEen required, The only one of any importance is the organization at Suez of a mittary hospital, under the direction of ia medical officer sent to Egypt for this pnrposn by the BritisTi Govern. ment. The establishment has been abundantly prqvided. with all deecriptlons of stores and provisions, bddiung, &c., but people hbre are sorely puzzled to divine wlhat useful service it is expected tD render. It is by no mens likely that the health of many of our sturdy soldier: will be affected by the fatigues of the .journey throusjh Egypt which Is annually performed by hundreds of invalids re. turning to Europe after a long esidence in a debiltating climate, and If any of the men are landed sick at Aeoxndria they will, of course, not be subjecteo to the =uecessary fatigue eo a journey to Snez. The thing is no doubt a mis. take, whlch fortunately however possesses the, mel of being a harmless one. The Viceroy hto latterly been chiefly at C4iro, :He w,, to leave yesterday for Upper Egypt, but as it Is not yet cetain that Prince Iapoleon Wi not fulfil his intentlon of visiting Egypt thisA,wnter, Said Pasha Wi not gD far, and his absence vill nezessarily be a short one. Our consul had an interview with him at Cairo list week, and it has transpired that he has obtained authority from hIs Hilghness for the purchase of 1,000 cavalry horses, for account of the British Government, for shipment to Jndia. I mrust add in explanation that the exportatlon of horses from -Egypt, bas been prohibited forseveralycars paf4 under the mistaken notion that such a meosure would tend to maintain and to improve the breed in the country. Latterly, however, thbough the rule Etill exists, the Government has been lesa strict in .enforclOng it. The direction of the Transit Administration has just undergone a change. LMr. Green, who has been connected with the Transit since its iirEt establihhmen)t and who has bchn at the head of that important department for the past four years with the rank of Bey, has resigned his lsbo. rious post on account of his health, and is succeeded by Nrubor Bay, a gentleman possessed of a first-rste European education, and whose energy and abllities bave obtained general approval to his appointment. It is lTnbor Beas brother who, it wll be remembered, was last year ap. pointed by Said Pasha to the governorship of Khartoum, the first insance of a Christian being p:romoted in the Ottoman empire to rule over a Mahometan population. The Calcutta mails leave this afternoon. They. were brought to Suez from Aden by the East Indties Company's steamer Adjdaha, the Alma being pairtly disabled by the fracture of her main shaft, which occurred four days after she left Ceylon. The arrangements made at Seez for carryIng forward the troops by the Euxine are not yet known hers, but the men will probably be sen' on by the Adjdaha, to be transshipped at Aden to the Alma, which it is expected wMll by that time have made good the damage 'he baa sustained. I am this moment informed tihat the Adjdaha will not be able to carry forward the passengers by the Indus, and that they will probably have to be detained in Egyp' till the next mnaiL Business continues much depressed. Hitherto, ]however, the late failures in England and on the ontilueat oEfEurops have produced no evil results further than causing general feelings of anxiety witha conseqnent restrictionl ol' credit. Our grain markets, in which there had been a rally caused by therecelpt of more favourable intelligence from England by telegraph, vid Constantinople, is again dull since the recelpt of later and fuller advices. Supplies fros3, the interior are, however, excessively light. Saide wItcab may be quoted at from about 26s. to 30& per quarter free on board; beans, 25s. to 27s.; barley, 14s. to L5s. 6d. Cotton is neglec ed, writh a downwaurd tendency in prices. xchanges are drooping, an,d none but first-class bills are readily negotiable;* reritters generally giving the preference to shipments of specie, even thlough a a sacrifico. Good paper on London, at three aonths' late, may be quoted at l001 to 101 piasters in the LL EFreizht6 are dull.
THE IATE. Fw3 nx Be B.A- O sx.-On Wednesday Mr. Willism Baker, the coroner for East ddEleex, re. Funed at the Prince of Walee Tavern, Bo'ner-road, Victoria-park, the adjourned inqueat cancerning thle1deth of the father, mother, and child-vir., Ann lfettarf, aged 44, John Metcalf, aged 52, and Julia Ma Hetcialf, aged seven years,who perished in the Sre wieh took plaoe6on the 19th inst., in the premises belonging §o Mr. Jamix Alfred Humnm, a silkttster, in Anchor.aireet, Bethiaul-green. A narative of the ircunmst&noew counact2d 'with the fire as given in TAc 2Tmes of Tueday In the Worabsip.treet gpolice report. The jury returned a venUct to the effect that -the deceased were suffoested by the fire, 'bt tat there was no evidenes tec aatisfr thera by whom it was caused. Tie jury added tiAt they eould not aeparate withoout rencomending a *caref, c diviion of the respective duties of! t#e fireengine -keep" fi and the e.cape }seper, ao that the engine keper ahield ba- able to give the greatk8t aseitnce .in eaeof lire, ad ikep' also expzes tbeir satlafaato df the eunXd et ofte polie cad iie brigade, sndBarton, thoBRoyagi0cese3ea, *on~ fhF occasont questien,
THE REVENUE. The revenuereturnforthe quarterending yesterday ihowa a decrerse in almost all the heads of taxation, thpuga this decrease Is not to be ascribed to any diminutioa of the resources of the country, but to temporary circumstances. Indeed, the chief cause of the decr may afford subiect for satisfaction, being attribtLtable to the reduction of taxation. In the Customs the decrease upon the quarter is 642,1571., and applies to almost every branch of Customs revenue. The financial crisis, of course, bad a very Injurious effect; but, independently of this, a reduced duty has been levied upon tea and sugar. la the Excise the actul decrease is 47,0001.; but thin is more apparent than real, because, owing to the pressing representations made to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, he consented to allow a postponement of the payment of an instalment of hop duty from November tUll February next. -This pay.ment would have amounted to 122,0001. In Stamps thedecrease is 77,0001., but the pecuniary dfiiculties lately existing have nAturallyhad great infuence upon trading and commercial transactions. In Taxes there has been a variation, but not to a xufficient extent to require remark. The Income-tax shows a decrease of 615,0271. It mustherecollected,however,thatthereductionuof the additionl war tax has partially affected thesereturna. En the Post-office there has been an increase of 62,0001.-a fact which shows that, In spite of restricted commercial operations, social intercourse is augmented, and, as the business of the Post-office augments, of course there is a corresponding increase of general buiness. in the Crown Lands there is a decrease of 4,0001., an d an increase of 529,8651. owing to the sale of surplus provisions and old stores after the cesation of the war with Russia. The net decrease upon the quarter is 788,3191. The revenue for the whole of 1857, as compared wth the year 1856, ahows a net general decrease to the extent of 3,828,6461. The adverse influence3 of the last quarter, however, the operation of which has been of a temporary character, are almost aufficient of themselves to account for a. general deficit upon the year. There has also been a considerable diminution of taxation. Theee reasons combined are calcualated to neutralize any feeling of disatisfaction at the returns. The decrease in the Customs this year isl,154,0231. T he decrease In the Excise is rather more than 600,0001.j, but even a larger diminution might have been expected, becauze the growth of hops was not so abundant as in some preceding years, and there was a reduced duty upon mzlt. In Stamps the increase upontheyear is 9511., and tiupon Taxes the decrease about 1,0001.-so slight a variation X not to need any remark. The increase upon the receipts of the Post-office for the year is about 123,000?. The decreaze in the Income-tax for the year is 890,425. It would no doubt; have been greater if a portion of the tax had not been collected at the rate of Is. 4cl. in the pound. In Crown Lands there is a alight decrease, and mader the head of Miscellaneous an increase, both which results are susceptible of easy explanation. The net general decrease upon the year, as above stated, is 1,828,64,,-not a very formidable amount at any time; but, considering the various circumstances above alluded to, this return does not aford any ground for believlngthat the people have had fewer comforts or that our general sources of revenue are impaired. The following is an abstract of the gross produce of the revenue of the United Kingdom in the undermentioned periods, ended December 31, 1857, compared with the corresponding periods of the preceding year:- An Accomat showing the Revenue and other Receitz . of the Quarter ended Dec. 31, 1857, the Applic&. tioBa of t:ae same, and the Charge of the Consolidated Fund for the said Quarter, together with the Surplua or Deficiency upon sach Charo:-
PBEPARATIONS FOR THE ROYAL MABBIAGE. It i a long time since the ordinary operations of bricklaying, carpentering, and house-decorating generally have excited so much atteDtion as those which are now going forward daily in the precincts of old St. Jamee's. That dingy mausoleum of departed grkndeur resounds with the note of preparati, and there are such symptoms of animation amid te ponderous magnificence of its halls and chambers as would almost lead one to the belief, thst it was really Inhabited and about to be- once'l more used by men. Acres of brown Holand sufficient to keep all Belgravia from the dust are being removed; ceilings being dusted, gilding retouched, wasing, painting, and papering all going forward at once, with such a din of saws and hammers, ouch a dusting of carpets, uncovering of chairs, and general putting on of a r.ch and festive appearance that the imagination can quite realize the aspect it must have presented when the building was really a palace, and when St. James's rivalled in wealth and splendour even the magnificent Court of the G(rand Monarque. There is scarcely a room of importance in which some 'alteration or decoration is not going forward-nay, even beyond the rooms themselves, down into corridors and courtyards, the workmen are busy erecting stages and Eeats for the few, the very few comparatively who can be allowed to witness the bridal procession in its differeat stages of advance towards the Chapel Royal. Just now these preparations are all in their earliest stages so early, indeed, that half of them are going forward provisionally as it were, and without any one knowing whether they are to be carried out ultimately or not. In fact, the greater portion of the details of the programme for the important day are still to be resolved on, so thali, beyond such general features as that the marriage will take place at the Chapel Royal, &c., most of the accounts which have appeared as to the order of the day's proceedings are premature and totally incorrect. It is, indeed, much easier to say what will not be done than what wil, for, as we have intimated, even those most directly concerned in carrying out the arrangementsare eithernot decided or not informed of what Is eventually to be done. One fact, however, is definitely settled at present, and that is that there are to be no Stateprocessions to St. Jamesis at all. The various Royal and distinguished guests will assemble without any preconcerted order or arrangement in the Throne-room of St. Jamee's. Theonlyarrangementmade is that the bridegroom elect, attended by the officers of his suite, iill arrive first, and will probably reach St. James's moon after 10 o'clock. Inunediately afterhis Highnesa'sproceAsionhaa been formed inthe Throne-room it will move at once tothe Chapel Royal. The same regulations will be observed with regard to the arrival of Her Majesty with the Royal guests and the bride elect, the Princesrs Royal, with her ladies and bridesmaids. There will thes be three processions formedfromthe Throne-room to the Cahr,el Royal, and each will occur in the order we hivo mentioned. The arrival of each procession in the chapel. willbe marked by the performance of an appropriate march or anthem by the choir of the chapel and Queen's band. All the distingaishedpersonagea who take part in the processionswill enter the garden of St. James's Palace by the gateway leading from the Mall, and proceed along the old carriage drive to the Queen's private entrance. The aspect of St. James' from this part of the ground is about the most gloomy that can well be imagined, savounring somewhat of the first uses to which the old building was put when it was a monastery for the monks of St. James's brotherhood, and then an hospital " for 16 maidens that were leprou " The designs and alterations of Holbein, when he turned it into a palace for Henri VIIL, and the subsequent patchwork additions and improvements upon the painters work, have by no means lightened its general effect, which is still dingy and forbidding, and apparently about the last place that would occur to any one as a proper spot in wvhich to hold a marriage festivity. Neither are its associations of the most cheerful kind, though doubtless full of Courtly and historic interest. Here lived Henry VIIL and Anne Boleyn. Their ciphers; gurmounted with the loosest of true lovers knots, as if emblematic of the rapidity with which it was to be untied, are still over some of the fireplaces. Here MAry L. died, broken-hearted and detested; and here Chades L. took leave of his family, and passed the long night previous to his execution at Whiteall. e Charle3 TT. was born, and the old Pretender also; and here, too, Queen Anne pased many of her dull days. Here, too, lived all the Georges. But as our readers may well believe it was for none- of these associations that St. James's was selected, but for the very eimple reason that Her Majety really had no other choice. The private chapel at Bucldngham Palace is still smaller than the Chapel Royal, and in spite of the Immense sums that have been spent upon it there is not one room (except the b'ill-room) at Buckingbamn Palace wbich is equal to any in the suite at St. James'. The Court, therefore, had no choice but between St. James's and Westminster Abbey, and ax a State marriage at the latter edifice would involve an outlay of between 60,0001. and 70,0001., it was wisely felt that that at least could not be thought of, so St. James's was chosen on the same principle as " Hobson" is aertd to have made his choice. Outaide the Queen!z private entrance from the gardens a oovered way is being erected, underneath' which the i nlltous visitors to the ceremony will alight, aLad here als.o all the servants and lowrer attenldants will remain,for so carefully has every feet of apce in the building been reckQoned San portioned off that the addition even of one person would be notice in a corresponding Increuse of crush and discomfort. On alighting here the Royal brlde; groom's processon will be formed in the Throneroom, andm as we have said, at once proceed to the chapeL. Eer Majesty and the bride will in turn ilight at the~ same private entranace, whEich (in deference, we presume, to the prevailing fasthon) has been widened about tw.o feet, anld is now capable of admitting crinoline of any amplitude Sear this entrance is the Ministe reoo, in which the great Officers of State wait to receive Her Majesty on alighting, and fom this the procesions will be conducted up an 'exceedingly narrow staircaae, which upholsterers are now doing their best in vain to varnish and gild out of its ordinary resemblance to a mean back-stair. Having aUl mounted this crooked way in single file-sa they will certainly be compelled to do-the procesion 2pases through the Queen's closet or boudoir (wbich is being redecorated in the most exquisite taste in white and gold) through the pages' corridor and the door by which the Duchess of Kent will enter from Clarence House Into the Robing-room-or Councilchamber, as It wscalled some century or so ago. This, is aboble apartment, fitted with the deep square mirrors, marquetere, sand heavyy clocks of Ane's time. This is one of the few rooms where the ciphers of Henry and Anne still exist, and this is the room where the Sovereigns formerly sat to lisn to the birthday odes of the poets laurate. Here Her Maiesty, and afterwards the bride elect, will remain in succession until all the arrangementr for the procesaion of each to the chapel are completed in the adjoining saloon, the Th!broneroom, and Presence-chamber. Passing thugh these gorgeous apartments the Illusrious pronages, will enter Queen Anne'r, room, thatc 1B1ack Hlole of the Court, the eelebrated chaur- her of fashionable hor~rsr, where trains and I crinolines ae swallowed up-the place In which! all the crush occurs at DrawIng-rooms, where over-driven Countesses are exasperated to breakng through barriers and etiquettetogether, and where there used to be fixed to gilded panels rougbly painted notices, such as those which warn off trespassers and threaten vagrant donkeys with the pound-calling upon the asembled ladies not to push violently. The end of this room is CoCcupiedby 12 rows of teas capable of acom. modaig 200 persons in all. AU the occupants 1 of theee as of other seats inside the Palace must be either in full Court dress or uniformn. None else will be permitted to enter. The sitting space allowed for each person is ample. The conventional 16 inches has been quite diregarded; indeed it would have beexs monat,ou not to have allowed more space for a young b 3lle with all her skirt than is accorded to an enign in the Guards. A very liberal amount of apace has therefore been portioned off, so that every visitor is allowed to sit upon their, own merit.. Ths is un-' questionably a better angement than, for the xske of obliging two or three additional persons,, crowding the rest so As tonmake all wrethed. From ths chamber the prooesuo turn into the Tapest^-room, which; though hung with one of the fin st Fesof cd tputr mnt2ha isno saud At from mutilation in order to cut windows, fireplces, and doors through it. Here are-four ismal seats capable of accommodating 50 persona, and in the smalal Armoury to which the Tapestry-room conducts are three rowrs more, only longer, capable of seating 100 more of the fortunatek few who are allowed to witness the nuptial procession at all; The small Armoury, which bristles with all kinds of weapon3 grouped in stars and trophies, is also titted up with zeata for about 100, or rather less. This leads direct into the principal staicase, once the grand entrance to the Palace. Every effort is being made to gild and paint this staircase into an appearance befiting the ecasion, but, as with the steps at the private door, the auccess is but equivocal after alL In- fact, these stairs are poor in design and mean in proportions, and such faults aUl the gold-leaf in Burope would fail to conceal. Thin staircase (facing wlhich is also a gallery for 100 more visitors) conducts to a corridor which opens at once on the well known Colo-3r Court, almost one aide of which is traversed by a corridor open on the side towarads the square sad leading to the door of the Chapel Royal. On the side of this corridor a large number of tseats have been erected under a subatantial structure which will be roofed and slated in,and altogetherbuiltanddraperiedso as to resemble the rest of the Palace. These seats are the best yet erected for seeing the pageant. They will aocommnodate about 500, and the ladles and gentlemen who will occupy them will be allowd to be present in ordinary morning dress. This, however, will be the only exception to the rule writh regard to Court dress throughout the line of procession Ln the building. The great centre of attraction-the Chapel Royal -is, as most of our readers are aware, one of the smallest, ugliest, and most inconvenient places of worship in the whole metropolih It is one of the few remaining portions of the Palace built by Halbein, who designed the he&vy, wnimsical roof,which has since been emblazoned with the arms of the Sovereigns in a still more whimsical and bizarre fashion. Not until long after its erecdion was it used as a place for Royal marriages. The first distinguished bridegroom on the register here is Sir Christopher Wren, who was married to his second wife Jane Fitz Wiliam in February, 1676; the next names of importance on the roll being the Princess Anne and Prince George, who were the first Royal couple united here. This exsample, after a long interval, was followed by Frederick Prince of Wales, who was marriedhere to the sister of the Duke of Saxe Gotha; George the Fourth and Queen Caroline were united at the Chapel Royal at 10 o'clock at night. The brackets and hooks used to support the chandeliers on that occasion still remain. It is rather a singular circumstance that no Royal marriage should have taken place at the Chapel Royal between the marriage of Her Majesty in 1840 and the present ceremony. The last Royal marriage that took place was that of the eldest daughter of the Duchess of Cambridge to the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg Srelita, and which was solemnized at the Private Chapel, Bucklngham Palace. On that occasion, by some mistake, the bride on her arrlvd at the Palace was conducted into the wrong apartment, and wandered from that with her ladi' a into some adjoining saloons, so that when all was ready in' the Private Chapel the bride was nowhere to be folnd, and very nearly half an hour was lost before she was discovrered. It is to be hoped that the dusty salons of St. James's will give rie to no delay of the like kind on the present occasion. The Chapel Royal has been thoroughly altered and refitted for the present ceemony. The very old high-backed pews, which were built ulp an exr height in consequence of Bishop; Burnet' urgent complaintc to Queen Anne, that the Iadies came dresed to church ae if going to the opera, and passed the hours of servce in ogling the beaux in the surrounding pews, have been endirely done away withz, so as to mae every inch of the small amount of space in the building available for the spectators. In place of the pews four rows of seats, raisedone above another, occupy each side of the church. In font of where the communion rails formerly stood a aut-ps has been raised,which extends down the church as far as the reading-desk, and is meant for the accommodation of the Royal reiatives of the high contracting parties, the bridesmaids and others In immediate attendance. A great improvement in the chapel, and one which wre are glad to say is a permanent one, is increasing the Size of the old window over the altar by one-third. This allows a full stream of light into the building, though its effects will be modified when the window -sfilledin asitis to be, with richly stained glas. Above the raised seats we have mentioned two narrow galeries have been built which will accommodate about 150 persons. Both galleries are supportel on iron columns, ana their construction is light and elegantinthe extreme. 'hey are fronted with carved oak, and the spaadrils of the little arches which rest on the columns are to be decorated with the Royal cipher and the emblazonments of England and Prussia. 'he receses on a lovel with the organ loft on each side have also been fitted with seata, though from tbhe but the most limited glimpse of the procession, en passant, can be gained. The large Royal pew immediately over the entrance and facing tihe altar will, we believe, be set aside for the UEO of the Corps Diplomatique as on the occasion of the celebration of Her Majesty's nuptials. Thera is notthe least foundation for w haas been stated as to foreign musical artlates and vocal celebrities having been engaged to asist In the choir. Sir George Smart wl preside at the organ and over the usual choir of the COhapel Royal, which consists of about 30 perSOnF. These will cocupy the organ loft, and the recess facing thisat the opposite side of the chapel has been enlarged and opened backwYard so as to afford accommodation for Her Majesty private band. The music to be used on the auspiclious occadon ham not yet been decided on. The decorations of the chapel wDI, of course, be of the moat appropriate kind, and su. pasainglybeautif but we decline entering upon any description of them until all their details shall have been finally adopted.. There is to, be neither dener nor banquetin the fine old banquetting-hall of St. James's. On the occation of Her ajesaty's wedding a grand entertainment was given there by the Duchessf lent, but since tfen it has not been used. Nowr a series of pictures of the chief speakers of the House of Commons conceal its gilded walls, and it Is otherwi in such a statht exeive soap contracts would have to be entered into before it could be rendered tolerable as asaled-manger.
Tm:E P mSOw D TEm L&DY.-A yotmg clergyman redaing In this city a sho:t time ago paid alfying visit to London, and in Oxford.3treet met a young lady weeping bitterly. Touched by her dstr he ...cd her, and she told him that she had just come to town bfom Binringham with her father, that she had missed him In the street, and being atn utter atranger was uttrly at a Ioss where to go or what to do. Our friend commended her to ret at onoe to B3imingham, and put her into a cab to prooeed toEtiston-sqesktion, satlng that ha would have accompnedei barif he had not been obliged to meum3 to Brtol mmedltl. Before drhing offhe askedtheo lady if she had any money to psy her fare, and she renp In the negative. Our friend then handed her a coupte of sovereigns and his card, and the cab drove off. Now, we dare say that the raider anticipatea the d&noucment, and is pre=are to join In the lugb. with which the friends of the clergyman greetd him as a victim of the arbt of the whimperigmila. Bat "he who laughs lostlaugha best," says the proverb; and this was the reward of our friend; for after enduring mueh good -natued sacasm, and, what is perhaps worse, some rsl pity for his ignorance of female wiles and ingenuity, the story of the forlorn damsel turned outtobetrie. A rew(layarnoaenfriendreoeivedaletter from the Iady's father, an sged clergyman, stating that he had accidentally lost his daughter as the young lady described, andthininghhmfor "the most disinterested at of kdndnes he had ever met with in the course of a long life." Of counrse, an order was enclosed for the repayment of the lon, which bears the highest of ai interet, gratitude; and may we not addpublicresliet ?-Bristol Mirror. DESvFx3n koAcHwG YAr&r.-On Wednesday, December 30th, John Draper wsu brought before the sittlng magistrates at the Shire-hal, Nottingham, charged with shooting John Winfield on the preserved lands of Mr. John Muders, of Aunesye Woodhouse. It app6ed from the evidenoe that the prisoner went with nine or ten others, on the 28th of December, in the pursut of game iu -Anealoy wood. WifiEld and some other keepers were watching sud heard a gun fired. They immediately went to the place whenco the report prooeeded and discovered the poachers, who instantly began to a1ail them with aones. One poacher sid, "Shoot,' and Draper trned round, and presnted his pleee sad fired, the oontents of the gun ent.ringtheunpprpartof Winfield's thigb. The keepers then closed with tir AaIlatq, and. BRaIe, one of the watchers, struck the prisoner on the head with a bludgeon, eausing a seriousr wotmd. The poachrs then made off; Draper. not bolg able to get away, wa apprehended. Winfield remaine = a very dangerous .state, and the magi. streremanded the pr}soner for -a week, as it isnot known whether Winfield will recover from the sffscb of the wound, None of the other poacizer have yet been apprehended Ta: IWDIAN Md.-The Calcutta and China petion of the mail, ecsing of 44 boxe arrived PA Dove 10 ni-togafterwardlo p*D,9 th joua frm .a Lpseme ^ha ue "eur aw d 38 mInuLo a3
. d~~- 02'EREKOSCOPIC VIEzWS OF ZOypT. A ry beautiful, novel, siw in%t- ting series of sereo. sEopic viewsr, llustrating the most re makable feStur of ancient legptian archiber has just bwen published by -lheses hlqretti nd Zsmbras the q*hotogaphers to the crystal Palce Company. There are 100 of them and they reprent with admirable hitlfulnes of detail the present aspet of those stupendous teimles, obelisks, and monunmeitl remns which havaforso lmay ages past, and WiM for ages to <eie, WA-f thl stens of the traveller to the valeY of tlolNlle. Itiq, Isa belieO, the first serious and worthy effort that hs been madeto develop.t eduatiet uses of tho stereoope In an aristic, geographical, &as lipsocal point of lelw, nor can we imagine a more appro. piae or SAM pt" gf to young eople, espeiay during thi gift-giving sew= et the ysar. Most of us have been enabled by the labour of Robut snd other pdntert to reize wlth aome apprsch t Cr what the great Egyptian ronumenis. ae like; but the revelstions of Wheaitons' mrvellous Invention, appled to this subject, cAry u far beyond any<thg thi it Is in the power of the most coomplihed arist to transer to his cavas. You look tbrough your stereoscope,_an. strz7altwa6y you stand beside the fabled ile, watcelngihe orooodile asleep upon ita sandy shore, wita tha superb ruian of Phibe in the dbtance. The ecene changes, and you ae in the Desrt gazing at the half. buried and mutilated Colossl whioh stand before the great pylon of tho Temple st Luxor. You see the PyrAmids, with the wonderful impress of 3,003 yearupon their sloping sides and angles most marellouly rendered. The Avenue of . Sphynxe4, the . Jl of C-lolnms; at Eare, the Memnonium at Thebes,, tr presented to the eye as a spectator on the spot would bMhold them,with every Variety of effect fiom sunlight and shadow from the Rlight of centriesA and the destroying hand of man fUlly and power. fu'Uy rende?ed. In an hour the schoolboy will learn more from these vlews thra It waa possible, 10 short yeas ago, for the most 1arned man to ]mow who had not traversed the socenesdepicted. Itisthecducationof-the eye in themost stiking anid effeoilve Senso wldch ia thus practised, for nothing Is omitted in these sun-painted revelation, and the smplest intellect is at onoe filled with a new light, whereby to measure the past with taG prement, to feel that if we are geat in oar works so h2ve been the generations of men who lived' and the forMs of civilization wlich flourished beforo authentle history began. How Etranse It Is thal; the mechaical- imitation of that arangement in the eye whilh Is expressed by the term "binocular visn" should enable us to transport ourselv pefectly irt imagInation to scenes which we can never hope actually to surey, and that a boy in this 19th century, gasing at a small double pleture of Egyptian ruins In a cwiously o5natracted box, will know how to think with due humility of the works v.olzh the Pharoahs and Ptolemia leftlbehindtheml Theviowanretobecommended.notonly for their pliotgraphic: exoellenceo bat for the effective scleotlion of the points from which they are taken, and we canot doubt that the publishers and the artist, P,r. Erth. wi be rewarded for the enterpriee and s1dll which they have dix. played in SD novel an undertaking.
BrPAPPOZZMAMEZYT& TO THE EIUTOM OF THE TIDfES. Sir,-I lave hid agood deal of communication latelywith officers wo are anxious to quaify for staff apointmnts or Ordnam,e surveyou6 and many of them woia at orce commnenoe their prepaation for the com.petitive xamina. tion whicLh should decide thaeir fitnese for admission to the StaffCollege on theIst of February. 1858, or a year hence; or their fitness, in 1860 for the duties required without entering the oolIfge, if tomwere allowed to refresh what they have learnt, and acquir whit In necssary bedde. Ply experlonoe enables me to judge with consdderable accu., raoy of vrhat is. required for these examinations; and severdal whoM I know WOUld, I ameortain, be well prepered, but time for preparftoz they have no. Ths oDmpleInt is universal. A part of the dy is spent on regimental duty; of this no offioer complins, but a great put is spent, or rather mipent, upon pariE where the whole duty is to shout, "all i,n," Rear raunk take epen order , "Marc," "F ort aru" " HaU lfeock arms," Am. A cean amotnt of this dum is neosary for young officers; and there is, I oelieve, qr itoa sufficient number of them in all garrisons for the il the soldiers require, but time sO employed by capta Ws and snior leutenants Is really tlme lost, repeating pbrases they hiaeo repeated till the tongue h wearyandtheearisdul1. Atleast three bourseahdayis thus oocurIed, whch would be ample time to prepare for the coming examinations for many whom I know, but nleess such regalations are mado as will relieve them from this doty, It will be imposidble for them to prepare properly for the discharge- of the most important duties whiac the Eervico requires. And to hold out rewards calculated to rouse the inibitiouand call fortb the beet efforts of brave and talented men, and by a time-wora clumy system rende It lmpofible for them to give proof of their abiliti, Is a miserable mockery. In the name of allthatisrationals the benefit of the order regarding stff appolntment3 and fitness fer Ordnntoe sureyors (which was no doubt well meant) to be IEt h !menlof re4 iietltad -to thdo uTrby a syatm o2 which evyman who can think and remon must be ashamed? If it be Intended to gIva due encouragement to oricese dlsposed lo stud to prepare for the competitive examna-. tions, his Roy Higinees the Contrnmaer*in-Chief will direct that offioers commanding garisons, regiments, or depOt battalions shall afford every assistanoe and oncouragement in their powor to any offioers under their commsad who ar andxous to qualify to enablethem to tuttend - clans of prtical Instracton under competent inst tors, and hiS Royal Eighneas shouid direc thaet twoftornons-that being thefittedtime-of each wele should be appopind, on fixeddays, for study, to enable officers to attend aa4ss, and- that on the afternoons appointed for sAtud officers atkending the clas aretobe exempt from attendiiggarrison or regimental parades, and that thi should refer specIally to captains and senior lientenanufa of oorps who, from their long standling in the service, awe fully instructed. in all oompany and regimsntl drills which the regulations of the service requinre. I trusyon-willalll theattenton of thea oinnand.a-in.ChI tot ubject A PIRIEMD TO REAL PROGRESS-
F1rH WATZi9ZN 12% MTH HEIEHE. TOU TM EDITOR OF THE TIIMlS' Sfr,-Tha Serpentine is p y suppled by sprg rsing n it, b-t a ver j JI% ona1 supply offr w might bo obtain by ahe *horonih drininae of Hyd. Park and Kenlngtongzden. If they were both drained into the Serpe tfE, t . whole neighbourhood would be greagy enetae tas well an the Serpentine, the Park, asd the Gardena. Ther are tims of the jeer when part of Ken. ington.garda hold eoores of thound gallons of water like a ouret mwonm. Yours obediently. Des. a]. N. R. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TEMM. Sir,-Your correspondent.5 "1A Wed 0ountryinau," &a. fihsIMbi4 the Se2ra*tine with sea-water, the principa zeco-mendation ofthis fluid being Its extraordinary "1buoyancy."1 Th-at it is "buorant! I was aware, but tht it pomeesedfnch extra5 balloca-lke buoyancy as to be able to flow 1O ile up-b i as aht of WhMc I was ignorant. That It miust pomsess such power to enable it to tmvel toLTondon Q by metal pipes laId along the Brighton Railway," a pro. posed by your ingenious eorespondent, is eany demonstrated. There is a rivar In Lonidon called the Thamea, which, being ani old-fasbioned frech water stream, flows downhil all twsyfromWeAm5Lnser-briclgetotbeNore,and ther is a brook that also flows zapidly the same old-fashioned way, downhil from th&e lyde Lark omnamental water to the Thames These two descents give the le of the Serpen. tine abom the sa at Brighton. I am. Sir. sour obedet sPervn AN ESSE= CALE.
THE3 MNrrGHr MAWs AT TEZ MA:DMIum~x-The snidn!glh mawiOf ChrilMSmu&TO WAs celebrated at the Madele.11e in all its wonted splendour, and onoo more attracted t crowds to its solmnm and strikinordlna ByilO 'clock the vas interor of the Madeeine, inoomprably jobler and more Imposing when lighted up at niht than rhon awen der the duI Imprisoned rays forced Into it ungraefully and nwillingly by day, was occuped by a dense aembIsg, filling ares, tribunea, and upper galle.s The rich and drawing-roonml-ke decoratons of tWii myni. fioent chrh put forth all 1heir splendous for the do on; and theoeye ws *led by the display on al sides of rch drpeias, carpets, and gorgeous candelabra, and priesy vectmenls, spaering under a blae of light, in the midst of which the superb white mable altr, with ts lofy figure of the Virgin, borne aloft b wainged aegis of gigantic aire-one of thf finect works o rradier-lifted Itself anc its bright illumindations as a sun-MI oentre of atratlon. From time to time L i'2Abb6 D r, the cur6 of the HadIelne, cToeed the paious platform borlme the altia and anned the oongteptio'with i keen ee to we -whehr the enormc,ul edifioe would yet holdamore ore the doors Were shut-a regultion Tery proply adoped before the werioe be&i At a quarter before idii=ht the unequalled organ poured out a gush of is liquid notes amd at the urn moment a wrhole company of priests, in their golden draperie, issed forth from a side door, and with tiu'texquisite so effect-beter known or more im. ngly practised on no olier stage-stpreaed off, e hac bearing Ili HOIy Sacraanebt nd accompanied by his attend. ant m Isters and croumboarer, to every altar within the sclred recinct and midnight mrs bega. "QueS odue2 -,ow.' mid a Trenchman, In answer to a remark I made "w we hare Dee of this sort of thing, SnouS autres, the differ ant 1aftere Ot your -scraice prcsuPppce an intsMr4l and Indilvidnialtrabinof devotion whicht Is not gener-ally found "reou X. or Ulm at least a rger tmato draw it Eriz'~- Y~omP4i-r in L ae Gadi STRtrn OF Tnu Wwt S BIG .-W hen the failure cif the Norhumberiand a Durhm Disi*Bak took place the Wearl*bilders in i me that a reiduction of wages Z-j%~ to 4.. per law*Minn~ medafteLy be nade. he men aimek wort week, and, aftr the shiphuildiag bas bad a spendid for a mouti, the niers aouned the betning of the preet week ha they would femiee the dispob by payint 4. 6d. a-dy. On W y the men caMe to the e l t r akIke, which as t nerl 3,40,t of gk, stil
BRITZSH AMA2YUFACzURES AffD THE OPIUM TBADZ. TO THE EDITOR OF TEEH FI!3S. SEr,-When I wrote yesterday commenting on some remarks in the letter of your China correspondent I had notthen seen the seond part of that letiter in 2e Times of the 28th st. AUow me to add a few,lint, teaeore, to wh6t I haTe already writtn. The man object of your correpondent In the second half oflhis letter is to show that the true remedy for the languishing condition of our export trade to China and for the lne ovu,st d.l- Of our slvr to pay for ilk is to be fou& in po&ing into consumption Brltlsh anufactures. - Eee I an quite at one with him. Ee h put kis finge- on the real remedy, but mnwhile, like the too indulgent physiclan prescbing for aself-indulgeat patient, while he propos the measf of suze he allows the r to continue cerin badhabikwhich feed the dilea_e Your correspondent s4te as one reaon why our mnufactures do not find their '-Ay Into Chin, that the British merchnts there do not ae to cultivate that brnch of trade. The bulky and cmp tively unrerunewraiv bhaes of piece goods have no attrtlon to those who are making large profita inL opium. There is muh truth in this, and wo have an apt illustration of it in the spirit rade at home. A shopkeeper who holds a lcenme to retll splrits counts upon this branch of his buineg as his mainstay, and becomes .indifferent to the bulkier and less valuable commodities on his premaises; wlle another who has no such liense; by givirgi his d whole attention to the less valuable articles, is enabled to make a busness out of them which ws despisd by the other. 3But if the opium trade thus confessodly stand iin he way o' British mauufautres, -why does not your correspondent go a step further ? The British merchant WiA never have say greater liking for Euch heavy goods while the opium trade colntinues to allure by its largerprofit The billiant imaginry voyage of your cor' respondt up the Ysang-fMKlng opens & magnifLeent VIsta to the Britiah ranufacturer; but if these virgin regons are first to be spollated aid demoralized by opium What Is the prospect for our manufactures? And if, in ,addition to this argument aginst the opiIum trade, appealIlg so powerfully to the manufacturing interests, we havo the far higher one, that It is uttery indefensiLble in a moral and a ChristianL po}nt of view, surely our common sense, as '-ell as our common Christlay, urge Lupon this nation as the firt step in the process the abandonment of that opium tradeh in dia hitherto maintained and fostered by the East India Company. Your correspondent Ingeniously anongh observes, under shelter of a banter at John Chinsman, that he smokes oplum at the rate of ony G& per head per annumn, or but one-fifth of what we consame in gin and whisky. Your rasders exlim, "Oh; if tats all, let the opium trade flourish I" Bat sty-we find from another paragraph that somn,e of the lbooring aMes in China spend oLt of Sd. per dayof wgesas much as 6d. par day on opium, or 9. per head per annrm. The onlr difference between these two ealcuLations is, that In the one es the drug is theoretically diluted into a harmles dos by being divided among the whole 360,000,000; In 'the other case, it Is proved to be a cruel devastatIng pols6n by being confined at the moa tto 10,0000,00, thugh prosably much fewer. In the one cuae any attempt to atop the universal habit mrght be thought hopeess, but in the other it becomes hopeful, and was, Indeed, all but aomplishd in 1839, but for the want of any oountnance or suppmt from foreign Powers. To Ny, as your orrespondent does, that no power on earth can stop opiu-smoking Is baWd tsttement; but it is bolder still tosy, aud may well make the reader shudder she join ln saying it, that because things must be so, thaerefore we (Britons) shall ontinue to administer the poison. Well may we expect in such ce a righteous retributon for I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. AN OLD RiESMENK TIN flCTNA Dec. S0, 1857.
SEiWGRAI SBnxP Woox.-At the last monthly meeting of the Council of the Eradford Chamber of Comnmeroe, Alderman Wand reporied on the qc#Uty of a Reame of Shanghai sheop .wooD4 which had beenreoeivdby the Chamber two or three months ago from the ZDologicu-gardens, London, for t;herU= f being eamined. Mr. Wud woa td the wrDl p a 'Woe m thee wgighedm 2I f., and -he had- produned ffrom it 12joz. in top;- tqoz.. in no%i, and 2ioz. in shorts, the wste being 5=. The wool ad a good lustre, nomethinglike alpaca and was very soft, with a great- d of mp about It. It might be used as-a substtute for the bright-haired wool of the Ledoeser shep, and If the Shanghai sheep, of which there wre two flocks in this comutry, were as prolific as reporzid-producing young tbree times a-;eu, one of them 3S xbeep in-tbatperiod,-manufactuens would dedve great advantage from thIs now raw material. At the present time thet wool'wolad he worth Id& per lb. he rwool wa examined by 2everal gentlemen present, sA it wasugganfilat its e.pablltioe would be best as*sshlnod by its being -spun and woven into cloth. Mr. Waud Undertook to do th, and Mr. -William Foster enga to examine the feece of a Shgi lamb reoentlly recived from London. . AdvertlntaL.IThs day Is published, an entrely new ed3Uon (%a AXW uatedOD andmlseisJ of Dr. Maddock's work On the of -Q *AWneaov i Osemtioc. Dronahltlis Asm>na, ke. . wufidelt"edvttlt a boLt 90 meassof recoer,. PoeZ s. fS, or biPosDtO In Awnp Bimphi8 . Marshall. and &, S- Uoomes6ball-eoart. 6Mm nasiv*e by all bookuel In tow or otry. . Aderinm mtj-Zwy Inch a Woman-The great ebasat of Josepblnke in Mr. VbW ReeAe's w noew " r lilte I "is not nindivIt0a4 It id a whale lsa panted by a =&Ama itzh ,ltsli Aes' hsa storywith a soble moorA, nowe the ki. Ukalyto NI oleA ilea tes b oftbesto,y sle is net teen- ce* Pade. Tnbbar- and Co. Paraodar-sw. Thdr annotnwe. =sat m to ths pomanet 1 e g) ots wrkp bnber ncuos,br d 1esemti ms o hm ne oly abot4ghited, but dWasI,al MAc tha they ab^Ual on im-ovam by aeuabinarug tris Peat weein cse form andie. - - [Aaement.]-A''Bi6hrd"semtembranoers forl85S". In,y=w= f y,at elsAPd"arYloftom I9. toP. ars sold byafl thevp t , Sm.m u mmss b e y aw b PWm rned o souerA or p epwo na; UabdtwovW Iso to oxldolbtumat o 9eAsi0o3nuchoobjeded to In workso a idaU irarase. Tbou Mdinsebave forunpwardsof 40 us beaznmush rlrdzbyVraoem ma, gantlsenarA thdir a lwaWds Issue in puebli acoKoe u ehac and hadsou,.The psim awe 4to. Resoembrueos ma iS. Os, %sad O. 3s &, 5r. and 6g. Sd. sa ad She dbblilng Bes`emL a c su ad Ii, O. Ljm Xdwas Safo 6. Charing- fAdv6rHement.lj-Ths Old Yr and the WewLord Gzznslcs4*eiAa*otmt: ltet be aLDrd-JF1l P&tcula of lihting atLe now :16 Vl llsc eIt:esad ofthUe niulusr Kiled ; Me*of g ofnerals belU Havelock, mod Outrata, after the Etdtist BUe lT FrAbmght- oe of the Pinout Hos'h elards"OK005eay-leAb* d _ noWret at Nic B_Se Peoaoing Ar. x m r o t an at the Buse o"df t IaXS,l{lpoothk(}rpbe ~IiosdtiSara h8ends, Bs .PlousUapHe--AjiaepIto xdroel a Niltecy Entiny-The 35.aed b,OBlsedbsagJ L arigs weelt sle, 1i6t 0 nd. Ushed 18ow . Th cone of theootade- s ng ian ece; td b Hoe's me c piing meoaino aS the is of 1,6 oieToh er br, tuWseWb eabl. the ublcation ofme sag tote latsmoce Imuokltrta asoic er nwaasl Erwlped,, ot any ew aget. Asopy as ample, moo poetfcoe, ou cde to m posag - atims.-. low d 12, bus- Advertiseuent l-e t art Joan l, price 2s sa.-he iuume£er T|15baIIo atio novsltU-al it IA hoped and belieed nefuls wela lin_rsUa. Theilsiase on ste are of tie hiwhet adse. The wos d Illustae l te the oo Brih atst,and supply example 0f Ih ropeasof art manact. Thn iS andes ot rgia deslas fr nu.mnfeuas, an aITI a arotheTha by m r.nd a . .H.i enstheel. fIox twe o f . 'J3L W. e air: forma pa o iseslm. L<oLoo Vltul a o.. SS, Pateot-owr. EAdvr'sement.]-"The Era of to.morrow wi-il peni to itapakonsa sti s enEt. or a lie ewjYear' t. acob . ting imsau Ir da androrAAs ms ofr Codn C Upbl wta mhericsodciers-a Du,al ad rs1chrals for 1560 -Puln*alBvensoc the Pst Ye aurnlNoloaof all thone , antomimen pby t Sa e d tre Dxacc -ctermlng news ror ceesasd V alles mdndadiof ta UnitedTs' Defence Leaeou-' Toucbtoo'"evlwo ties Il,byof 115. -Hod- EceaOdf pe te#k Oedaroiallna *e iell way staions,. or bSel six pcge-ts to Ys Ea-ele :S. Ostasrinaset iad Advetiaement.}-The 51Ianeno forl858. PerIanen2tl e41e-The dtt nawnbcr of vol. forties newysas Is pbieUshed V aesas J lot, and eoen:-k Pasia Leoe on Uldnar'fls n b Athur .}Has,uL1D.-Xr. Sds.e on 0ea Di. Mon ottoola Infereb tlreIor Ertss r. Ogle on !bemtu lu AshyialS lL'eis-Dr. lIng on th Ue (helen-Dr. SpIaho. GeaholWesr lah lass, wit Ilnse. Wos-he Miner ot Loodra eu lta Beer,RsB ots 0~n,iee alVe ny'>s . an Wutsliertcphl-lionlcml BedEeyedetE tbs kdiet Hod it d lheia-smnacw 31pe a Posci. Iio4 sib Pncfsdoa in lyeT-4hs Pbysmn-rgeni tlU the Q_ otlXniwith.Im CUes 0Dael issw aa.-.coimts i E ty*-Th Viere of lbs M.rpol 0,menlois-T1he Specia Holtl Nbl-ce-Prmrtcs Dnt.r rhe in CoaaA lad be Dsethh-r. Br'sOp stccfid. sti fte h c~s-h _ ,ie asffiBse O s i f s.e. su .bpa .ia I,
L,FAWrNPOA2-.- CONSZtMY icomm¶ nT 2 Itiieore Dr. LuslmidTON.) - .I:ThmLL t(CInK) AND JACTSoIT V. -4mXSTON A2NM- TB: PARISMONlRS OF ST. PAUL'S, MGIHTL33aGz Dr.. ll=ilxolntr momad behalf of the-Ron. and Rey, Robert lidd ,perpetul curate, audjr. W. EL .T7kcaZ one of the clIuzohwadm of St. Pau'j K :tabri.dge, fo a fuliy eonSfirnx Ithe rectlon of 10 ed gau windows hereofore et up in ta churac, ad empowein t a. to erctsix more windows of th am kindL The cVdowg formed a neriu of hitoried poups, Mulutrve at the hi&! tory of St. PauL Thire wxw no oppositon, aud the apt plcaion wan approvds by tho Biahc-of Loadon. The otm grT anted thefacnt. BOMERB V. XTw-M & Thin w-i a nt of divorce, by nme of adultkry, h.; titt1hMm :Bogern againt her hn"&&l IDr. .ADDAq appeared for Yru Bdgutv bntbefoaehe haW b,V D1 opfi the cm6, I n ' . It = who. appred in person, mid he nhould ofu The 3eaned JUD6ic- sa il-he cme of the wife was cleriy' proed, and pronoUIcod- for-the sePaation, grnting 8&. p: keekl Inon,. This Wu the lut day upon wrhich the Court utifor the deo -o? divore and matrimonial causes.
PoLICE. I - X1 A oX-Uo -Smd Smith, a man der 29 earr S belonngto -the troop of the itoymi H ty, and Simon Wertheimer, igene-1 dealer, WeV$ brought up under the following circumstanees - .agciB May, oontable 13, satd,-I fodnd the lprisonerm last niilt quarelling in Irvnrpte-lane, and upon maing enimhath mm the natter, Smith said-he belound to thei Royal HEore Artillry, and "be hahd old bd regimeatal clothes to Wertumer, who refund to give them up. -E toktlhe prlarieid Into nuabedj-Tnith on the charge ot deserton amd Wertheimer on that of having pucaed tli regimental clothes. I aftrwards ; sea rt'lmurl.s inue, but did not fiid the clothes. The l"orD AyoR.-Dld Wertheimer my anything ii you wlen you took him into custody? 'ifanern-He denied evrs bring setn the oiter pdisoacir in h1aWfe tMithaLt=6nment,- Smitb.-Thisma (Wdrteimer) bought the whole of mr t imne:t03 uniform ot re for Ir. I afterwards wanted my thig lak a ain, nd then haltnmed round and" l hadidlYt know ine. I wa car egm lothes in is bude nar the Shoreditoh station,wghe he ato pfomi andialiedime if Ihadanythingto seL Itold 'him whal m bnudle consed of, and he g%ve me iU forit. . euneaer.-I deelar roost positivey that I never sasr this mon (Smith) tillalat might, rwhenhe came ap to me and demanded 3s. cth bacL I told him then arid I tell your Tordshipmo-w, tbatIneves purchased hisootheBat all. It ust have been somebodyaels. - The LDoD MAYox.-There is no evidence iA yolz exept the stAtement Ot fBith,- and a ard Smithwill be remanled, in order th te uritie a the Horme tGuards may be communioatd Lwth illlJam Jones wa chaed with uattering counterfeit coin, The prisoner on theprevious evening, enteredthe Three Crown:s pibliUous, Old Jewry, and caled for a piat aE ber, la pymnt for which he tendered a folir. Tix the berman. immediatey deteted to be bad, and returned it to him. The prisoner said-he knew where he had trem It, and mst get it clanged. Me tben gave the bermanm half-crown In it place. - The barma hnded him boci two shiing and somecoPperspindnge, a when the, prscer objected to ne o£f the hillnugs, which wasalittle *rEr, an aoer was given him Ater xtanding at the ler for a, sminute or two he wa observed to rise his hand to hix mouth, and directly aftrwads he threw down a shilling and sEad, "Look 'here, you hxve nIven ma a baE one," The barman, fading It a "riockineI' bod et, returned it to him, accused him of havin run the changes, and expressed his deoteinaion to give hlinl into cistody. Hewreottoonedoortoallap olicenim awl. dring hli benc the prisoner *as obsered by a gantlemami stading at the basrto raise hisiand to his mouthanl swalorw something, He iben attempted to rob out at the other toor, but Wusecte and given Into c . U Emwcin}g him onlys. and four ptleeen Ioopp w on upon hl. he no doubt baring uwowroth bdth 5he t flO d D3dbdbhilling. I.Ot Ulm a.rof.-What answer have y to make tso tis cage, psoner? isner.-t wb ay, Ito* ite To lis mw re man ain kmowlit wasa be eieambinefg'ent shilling. The Lonn M&YOx,-WYhere are te forlm andthet shlln gone l,o? Fiboner.-WAll, I suppose, my Lord, they fell down ix the-cfie and gotkkked Into ihe seet. The loDD 3UYoi-Bk4nan, did he apeaik t you in thii gmff vice when he fa came to youtr houe ? Ranm-No. nmy Lvrd, ha Wpoke plainly enougIL Pzltaner.-Wshy yisee, my lord, Pv beenlooked UD' n acold cell all dnigt, and If that wonet make a man spme a littl gruffI don't know what will. The ner wsu remanded, in order that the authoritles at the t might be ommunicated with. The LouDMYoorequoested thtst the prems would acknowlge ihe recept f r'. 2zfrom " BI M. 5." for the poor. Grimu=r..-Albert Slokmmn, decibed aE a catlr' wa chArged wth s ing a iold watch aind cain and various articles d jewelry. -Arld Stoknrax, a prdintrs bru eule outber s, ,-The prlsronr is my couin; On the 22d of this month I receild a letr frot J. Georoe Haywad, a friend of rmine as Persi2outb, Asting tbAt the promo had xbalem a gels watch and chain and other proporty, and requesting me it gIe hlm into ustody if I swnythlu of him The prlb muer clled upon me yesterday, and I gave hiim intco constody. I aked him if he know anything of Mm. Ge(ri HA Ur%d, Of 'f, St. MAr.atreet, Portmouth, but be p oo-od the charge of robbing tat gentleta. I tke. lphd to r. Hayward, 'Who I. now present. =2r. George Hayward mid, -1 -am a poLub , -at 63 .St. Xy1z-tret; Po*=oth. Mm prim odz at 2n,boume for the fiSnt time on the Mt of the proenman I did nLot we him until afer he was in bed, uhen I wot up. tobhi room, and he aid he had called uptmon ftends of mine in London, but I had mo knowledgt of hit. As he wsin bed,I could not t him out, and i h oe mor bgheo left, anddidnotraturnutil the evenin. Here. |i ornireof the9t, whelo p d Lovkdo i I wet up to my bedrooi F orP. o= in' Intndimga omptyhim ar t;rLetl port, and he xtetd lo his bedroom onl tthe satme foor. Iput ormy hat and ost and came downetairi, leaving m gold walch and cain and some trinketg on my drea able and the room door open. While I wsm put. ting my coat on the- pincr came into my roomn o speak to me, and I went down,. leaving hlim In the room, but he followed me almost immediately ahfter andeventuyalltoohetraintoLondon.. -Whenlreturned eme [f mld my w?atch and chain, and afterwards foud thm awndwih a tr..lHawg,aod, of X.edport, an time pawnbroker desibd thie p pledging them ineem rr neaeeGbozresondlng wri the t -z eedenied the charget Alderan Cunr' meld there ws sufent evidence io jneify him in ending the prisoner to Portsmouth to be det I pith. - Aldzman Cvrr nestedb that tbe preow oukla ckowledge the receiptco 212.,from " .MLS."forthePoo.- box. - MArnLnoRUG1uc-STsE .-ThomMs Eoore Was brught nap for fm Li aeamination ed with sverial acts of embes; ziememet. Te fist- chargwas for embenninga chck for 8t. 6;mi, drwn by Lady arteret In paymaent of abill dce to Xi. Jones. estate agent, Park Iadr Carteret, 13, Cheeefleld-stret, 1ayfdr,, add en ibe 261th of Novemiber ide sent a check ina Ieter to W. Jones, of 72, Park-street, and mhortyafterwardusahreesvel byo t a reoipt 'wic she noirproduoed. : lrerenlck Jones, est agent, 72, Park-st, smid the prboner was formerly in is mervioe as confidetial cloh,, az wauthoried to recve money on his acot Itwiw the ditty ofthe priioner imodiately topsy ove io imu all 3moneys rwedev He had eTer nied a letterfois Lady iDureret enclosig a check for 81. 6e., nor had he suet any reclapt for suEh smu. After the iacioer had let his servi he had supicions of his honesty, and ho went la -Ealng, 'where the pioser lived, and in a drawer he founda letter from lady Carteret, referng to a cheak or 81. Is. The rcipt i sn to Lay areret wa in the p iacua handwriting, ad the ameut for whbich it pupre to te a diacharzge had never been paid over to bn b, the psi saner, ncr wa there any esntry ol' such aymot in tahe hbooe There wm another amount of 10 106eceived from Mrs Bovell which the prisoner had received amsx not aonted for liMn. Bovell. 34 Gloeer-terre, Hydeir, amid about the 1 of October he paid101. 10gt to prisonir on aocount, of Mr. Jonee. Geormo Cox, head clerk to Mcurs.fDrummonds, paid the ceclk drawn by ydy Crtret in favour of Mi. Jones io omme imait, but could not identify the prisoner. PolAie-oenstable Wells, 0 172, said when he tock the pri. .wner Into custody he said it was a had job, and he admited haviDg2 recived three aonts, and ta he ad. kept the money. Te tIrd charge Wa not proeded with. ONe prianer was fully committed on two eates - ?AL=,: 2lm-EM n Bxonrequated our repoXelr to acknowledg the reeeipt of the following mm for Me poor-box .-"R.I-S.," twognin.; tJ. Heresy," 3 a sck for r gun; and the first f of a b,-unofrotem G L3. ( P
TWE WVEkS - INDIA, MEXICAN, AND PACMIFIC M4ILS.L rhe Royal 3Iail Companys ttanhpL Plata Calptamn C. G. SWeller, wmth tb.e abevonam.d mail3 in chrge of Lieutennt Seward, R.N., Admiralty agent, arrived at Soutl'4ainpteu yesterday afternoon.. She brings 38 pntea, among whom are ?sla5or Rowlands t41str e ent), from St. Lucia; Captain Morrish, AI., utenant Palmer (41st Regiment), Sergean-Majqv Redley, from Jamaica, &c. On freight she bas- vDSefe antb fcnto'umeIala t a=t from Tampico. _ S,s6 U)ilto frocasaCa=n 6 ;9,785 V oOn acourat of Mada~n dividends...- ZC ESI3., buSism, and oi"ddast reweind 2cx the Isthmus f1tbe Fae5odot .. .. .. 1r6,745 {;oce and; bulloa from l if ..a . 42%'31 Ditwtecuthate ..et a ., .. 15S 93S 3XL*ofrom5a&eS& a ...b. .. .. 5,3Co Mttofrou Eavanaah .. . 9,78 VD.to*snb&U of the Wet Indle ... .. W,167 'Xatl (of widi r50G3,465 marin sn rand.SGISl, in sold) 51,119.553 On -say, 2=3,9161, sterling; also, pearls, value 10 ,S0O, and a cargo consistinig of 144 serons ofwocnineal, 283 serons of Indigo, 29 serons- of jalap, 123 cases of cigars, 57 bales of leaf tobacco, 874 ba-s -f cocoa, 35 bales of sarsaparilla, 2 packages af-v:anilla, 1 case of tortoiseshell, 7 boxes of bark, 17 bales of orchilla, and 106 packages of undr-ies. tDr. Hassard, second-class staff-surureon, from JaJnsica, and bound to Englanld, died of yellowr fever at the St. Thomas's Hospital on the 16th of December. - The latest dates received by this steamer are as under:- Tsampico ... ... De. S. Tobago ... Dec. 9 iera Cruz... S Bridgetown (Bar. Esnav.ah 9 badces) . - 12 Siinta lartha 10 Grenada ...1... _ . Verthbagena - 1 St Viucents. ... - U- Colon ... - 9 St. Lucia- -. .. - 13 Eingston (Jamaica) -.I -iiatinlique .. ... - 13 3acmel (Eayti) 13 dloupe .. - 13 San Juan (Porto Rico)- 14 Domiique - 13 Gborgetown (Dsme- Artig . - 14, a) ... - ... - 10 St. Kitt'a. - 14 Plbt of Spain XTrl. St. Thom.,' ... -17 midad) ... 10. She also brings aUils of the subjoinedl dates from the West Coast of South America, received at Panama:-Valpsraiso, Nov. 16; Coquimbo, 18; Coplapo, 20; CobiB3, 22 ; Iqulque, 23; Arica, 25;islay, 26; Callao and Lin, 27; Guayaqml, Dec. 3 ; and Panama, 9. Jamaica advices are to the nth of December. The Legislature was still in session,- and the proceedings in both Houses were characterized by cordiality and good feeling. A Bill to increase the salary of the.Receiver-General from 1,0001. to 1,2001. vwas pazsed, but a Bill to increase the salary of the Xegistrar in Chancery from 6001. to 8001. was reieeted. An puiniated. electlon for coroner for the city and parish of lRingston was expected on the loth. The wreather was very fine, and the public health much imoroved since ourlast report. From the latest Cordova we learn that the prices of all American stuf had considerably declined. The market, 'which for many wreeks had been almost bare in consequence of the cessation of ship. rments from the States, became supplied by thie cargoes of several vessels, the greater number of wdhich arrived in one day; and this fact naturally ekused a heavy fall- in the market value. Great aivity prevailed, however, and the bulk of the cargoes had changed hands. E{eavy rains had preTented the bringng down of produce to market, and there had been very little done in consequence mn this branch of trade. Alewive3 had declined in value to 25s., at which reeent lots were placed. Sales of Irish butter were reported at 161d. and 17d.; Halifax, at 14d.; and American,. at 13d. RUoffee was quoted at 36s. to 40s. per 1001b. Flour had a downward tendency, consequent on recent arrivals, and was offered at 40s., at which . prie 'l50 barrels were taken in lots of 100 and 50; halfbarrels sold at 21s. In freights the only transaction reported was for NewYorkat $4 foz wood. Pimento was quoted at 18s. to 20s. per 100 bags. Mess pork, 100 barrels at 6l. 4s. Rice, 1Ss. 6d& and 16s. per f(0 bag,s, accordi.ig to quality. Sugarat from 18s. to .22s. Exchanges on London.-Jamaiea Balik5X days, i per cent. premium; 60 days, 1 per cent. prems}um'; 30 days, 1§ per- cent, premium. Colonial Bank-90 days, 1 per cent, premium; 60 days, 1i per cent. premiumn; 30 days, 2 per cent. prsmiunaF fyIerhobntsX Bills-qper cent, discount to par. fl At Demelerra an ext;raordinary session of the Combined Court of Policy had been held, the most importat question for consideration being the proposed Sepoy immigration. HsExcellency lieutenant-Governor WValker, in his address to the tssembly, intr~oducedtsis sulbject as follows:- "Under the assumption that it will, be found indispenGablitoremove immense numbers of the defeated mutineors of the Indian army, and poesibly of ott:er classes not included in that definition, from the territorles of the East India Company, I have been requested by the deputy cEairmian of the WestIndia Committee in London to asce-tain whether you are prepared, on the part of this colony, to enter into arrangements for the reception and employment of a portion of them. "That the staple cultivation of the colony is checked and nimpeded-by the insufficient stock of - labour at the present moment is, I fear, incontestably true, no matter to what cause or diversity of causes it may be ascribable. You havo now-placed before you the possibility of obtainlng a large, perhaps almost nnlimited, supply-not, indeed, of professed tillers of the soil, but.of men accustomed to discipline, the yoke of which they have thrown off wnder the influence of frenzied fanaticism; to be accompanied,-to some extentiat any rate, by their wives and children; to be bound, as we nay assume, to labour for defined perlods of service,-and to have no claim ever to be permitted to leave this country. " It is, perhaps, lmpossible to overestimate the importance to t-hs colony of an adequate supply of manual laboaur; it would not only warrant a large extesion of the present area of ^pane cultivation, but it would lead to the re4umption of the p.-oduction of cotton and other staples now lot, and to the development of many yet untried, for the existence of suLch a condition of things would naturally be followed by an influx of capital to any required amount. I But, as those to whom the intereats of this community are intrsted, it will well become us to take an enlarged arnd comprehensive view of the whole subject, not only with reference to its immediate aspect, but as to its presumable character, not merely dwelling upon its prospective adv&ntages, but scrutinizing also its possible drawbacks. X It is not, however, on.the present occasion that you will be called upon to enter into definitive or conclusive arrange%nents. It is for you now to express an opinion upon the abstract question, and should you decide it in the affirmative it will be necessary that you should authorize the Court of Policy to enter into the consequent negotiations, to which effectf will have to be given by legislative enactments, and which will probably involve the outlay of public money." A lengthy debate on this question was elicited, which ended in the adoption of the subjoined resolutions, the Administrator-General and the Hon. Bleasr. LRose and Conjers dissenting: "IL That, looking to the great resources of this colony, and to its capabilities of employing an unlimited amount of labour, and to the need which exists of an additlonal number of people to. maintain even- the existing cultivation, and also to the expressed general desire that large numbers of those engaged In the East India rebellion should be tiansported from the countxy, this Court anticipates that when the present unshapy struggle shall have terminated, and British supremacy be once more firmly established,there will befound at the mercyof the Governmcent averylarge number of muti;neers who have been led or forced into the revolt by others, but who, nevertheless, have not been actively can nerned. " 2. That, in the event of the East India Government being disposed to transport, at its own expense,, sunh persons for life to the West Indies, this Court is of opinion tbat many snch persons, exclusive of their wives and families, might be safely and advantageously received into this colony, ith their wives and families, in such numbers and upon sech terms and conditions as Her Majesty's Government and the Governor and Court of Policy of this colony may hereafter frame with that view. ' 3. That, on ascertaining the views of Her Majesty's 'Goverument and that of the East India Company, this Conrt pledges Itself to make the necessary financial provision for carrying out the foregoiDg resolution. i4. Tha his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor be re- quested to communicte these resolutions to the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies, for the information -of Her 3Majesty's and the East India Governments." The Demerara Railway question also occupied a considerable share of attention, and sevefal resolutions were succeEsively put and lost, the one -at length adopted being -moved by the AttorneyGeneral, to the efrect that the Court guarantee the payment annually in London of interest at the rate of 6 per ctnt. ona sum of 175,000l. for a term of 45 yeare, which was, in fact, only the extension of a guarantee the Court had previously agreed to from 30 to 45 years. A subscription in aid of the fund for the sufferers. by the Indian mutiny had been opened, and a committee appointed, with ,Chief Justice Rossey as chairman, 795'd6llars being subscribed a its first meeting, The weather was highly *favourable, vegetation luxuriant, and the teane crop in a most satisfactory condition. The aealth of the colony was good. The Royab GOasetit of the 10thpublished in fullVthe -report of Sir W. Mi Holmes and Mr. W: H. Campbell upona tkeir " eipedition undertaken to explore a route by the tivsY Waini, Barama, and Cuyuni, to -the gold- elda ,pf -arAtW, and thence by Upata to the river ,iboco,-' whicl ii avery interestin$ doeument. t Fpoin Trinidad we learn that tbere had bin Kome 17 Of bwdbtUff5 Wiobl comig to a bsre markket, were freely takei> by the trade at an advanlce on previous pricc. Flour was selling at about $9, bread at $56, and meal at tS6. Pork was selling at $29, bnt had a deolining tenden,cy. Tha stock of French bultter was inc?easin,g,~ and further arrival were expected, which would cause prices to decline. Cocoa had declined iprice; sales at $15 50c. The weather was very seatonable; rains had been general throughout the country. which were considered beneficial to the growing crop. Exclhange.-Colonial Bank selling at 90 days' sight, $48-5 per 1001. ; ditto, at 60 days Aig $487. per ILOOZ ditto, 30 day.' ight, t9 pei 1001. ; ditto, 7 aaysg sight, $492W ' *rlOO0.; Colgnial Bank purcbasing at 90 daye' right $480 per 100i 60 days' bills on New York, 5 per cent discount The House of Assembly at Barb3does had a shQrt sitting on the 8th, but nobhing of importance was transacted. The Royal assenit had been received to the Bridgetown Wyater Bill. In St. Vincent a meeting of the Legislature had been held, at which a Message was read from his Excellency Mr. Walker, the Aidministrator of the Government, reconunending that the offlco of Superintendent of Police tsiould be abolished asunnecessary, and sting that the present incumbent, a.Mr. Hayes, from the Metropolitan 'Police Force, was *illing to resign, on a free passage being provided for himselE and' his wife, -their expenses paid' from Southampton to London, and 1001.. assigned tohim by way of gratuity. The House passed a resolution in accordance with the Governor's Message. The Legislature voted 1001. in aid of the sufferera in India, and the Governor had called a meeting at Governmuent-house to promote a subscription for the same object. At St. Lucia a meeting of the Legislative Council was convened for the 16th ult. The weather was aU that could be desired, and planters were busy inpreparing to commence crop. The Grenada Chronicle of the 11th has the following items of intelligence respecting the French islands:- Our Guadaloups files have not come to hand by the mail, and only one number ef the Outre-Mfer, Martinique paper, has been received. A notioe in the official journal informs us of an order having been issued by the Governor on the 18th ult, suspending thepublicstion of the Outre.fer for a month, but which order was recalled In a foright, on the occaion of the annivereary of December 2. We are not informed of the trepas whio caled, this punish. ment down upon our contempozary; no doubt, hispen has been too free in the sight of the French censor. * " Admiral Count do Gueydon, late Governor of MUart!. nique, Is on his first viit to that island as Naval Comgmander-in-Chief on the West India and Mexico station, onl boad of the Cleopatre. He was welcomed at St; Pierre on the 25th ilt. with a splendid banquet by the merchants of that town, when upwards of 100 guests were asosembldd. "Preparatorily to the arrival of the fiSt batch of African immignnts recruited by the Regis firm, notice has been given by the Government of the rates to be paid on their introduction. Before delivery the parties engaging to employ them are required to pay down a premium equal to 81. per adult, and 61. per non-adult. There will be paid from the immiigration fund 41. Der adult and 21. per non. adult, as a definite expenditure,and 81. peradult, to bo reimn buoed bythe employersIn threeequal yearly instalments; .4h! per non.adult, to ho reimbursed intwo a' iar instalments; and 2h. for each infant accompaying its mother, to beimbnrsed at the end of one year. The allotment of immigrants to one estate Is hm nied to 20 out of one impDortation. " The Minister of the Maine andCoonieshuasent to artinique a collection of 21 varieties of the Iidian corn which had been sent to the Universal Exhibition in France by theNew York cAgrcaltural Sodety. They are belng delivered to applicants at the Botanic Gardna' of St. Pierre. Their designations are given as follow :-The yellow of eight rows, Ohie dented, Roi Philippe, forward white, red.reflectiog yellow, Comnte d'Oraage, flowery, evergreen, improved Daltoin, white fint of New Mexico, stained white, tuscarora, white of Delaware, dented white, 1Evans yellow, large Dulton, Middaugh, white flint of Canada, ditto of eight rows, small Dolton, red reflect. " A distribution has been made by the Governor ot Martinique of the medals awarded inJune-last year by the jury of the Exhibition of Agricultural Productions to parties in Martinique. The medas of gold are given to MX Belanger for his collections of llve plants, &o.; and L. Thor6, foris rottons. The silver medals to M.- Morin, for hls cocoa and prepared chooolate; Foucel for his liqueurs; the Administration of Martinique, for its productions collec. tively; Abb6 Goux, for the wax exhibited by him. Bronze medals to MM. le Lorrain, for hbs coffees; Peyraud, for his conserves; and Abbe D'Antoine, for his tobacco. "There Is no commerclal news in the papers we have reaeived. On the 4th lnst. sugar-was sellingat St. Pierre at prices equal to 18s. to 22s. 6d. per cwt.; rwpn, or tafla, ls. 6G. ergallon*molsses per pallon. The doubloon Is worth 3!. 7lsoerlIng;the American eagle, 41. Se. 6.; !round dollarr very Ecarce." SHIPPING INTEILIGHNO HfferMajestyWs ships Brunswick, Basilisk, and Leopard werD at Greytown; the AtaLanti at Barbadoes; the Araehue at Beli2e; the Jasper and the -Jasseur (gunboats), cruising off the coast of Cuba; the Mlonarch (flag of Admiral Bruce)atVa}paraiso; the Alarm (Ciptain Curry) and the Retribution at Islay; and the Magiclenne at Panama. i The Royal Mail Cowpany's steamship Atrato arrived at St. Thoma'sq, with the mails of the 2d from Southampton at 6 a.m. on the 16th. The Clyde (from Jamaica), the Conway, Dee (from the Spanish MalsD), the Solent (from the Gulf of Mexico and HLavanashb), and the Thames (from the Windward Islands) were at St. Thomiu's- the Derwent, at Bs&badoes. from Tiidad, &c.; fthe Eagle, on the Beli7e route; the T rent, on the Spanish Main. The Eugllsh.tree.masted schooner. Aurora Fas observed by the Royal alil steamer Clyde running into Jamaloa on the 12th of December. On) the outward voyage of La Plata sho observed on the 23d of November, ia lat. 34 44 N., long. 27 21. W., two sips lying to, one of wh3ich appeared in a disabled state; ran down to them and found them to be the American ship Lone Star, of Portland, and the ship Lady Louisa, of liverpooL - The former was reprted to be snklng, having sprung a leak. The steamer supplied the later with water and went on her voyase. The Engsh sloop Atnna, Captain Johnson, from St. Thoma's, bound for ntis, struck onie Triangle Bock on the 29th of November, vad ecsea total wreck; all hands saved. The- Engllsh ship Sultau, Captan Hunter, from Liver' pool for New Orleans, with 26 emigrants and a cargo of salt, coal, &c,, put into St. Thomafs in distress, leakidg, on the 2dofDecember, havingbEen out 26 days. Atb noon on the 30th La Plata exchanged colours with the Etheriel, 3d pendant, 1,283- a Brazilian sloop of. war: the Alchylist clipper, No. 5,294secondpendant-aMl bound southward; and a large fleet of outward-bound vessels.
EDUCAED MRESMnTATION.-1h =order -.to pro mqote, as far as lies in his power, the highly- ona6ftional. views of the =arhbhOps, schoolmasters, n udgeo,. and ther distinguished parties who b ave propozed to- UmrGovernt mentlto give !"educated" persons--that'ls,-persons whQihav* learned some Latin and some Gree h, and somerhistory and some mathematics-a separate Baus in the a oinAoAweath, fr. Punch begs to subjoin the mo br-okae humgs address to zbeused by a candidateg erin .c6'o i suehrages of a cultivated oon btecy:M . St.ILievge*rb-Gentlemaen and scholarster ta e able remaks f nin ;spropoer upon the fifth proposition of Euclid, and tof-Ayseconder upon the srecond aozist, ! do not think that I need declaim to you at any great legngth. e My th p ent has, I may say. succeeded in damaging his own eaefar more than co hope to do.' The ignoranocewhibt he has evinced as to all tha' a 3member of Parliament shoold know wotad have been sworth an officer in the Guards. He sokeh4 to you of. Athen, hut I a esove that he could enot tl yot on -which side of it ran the dlissu nor whether the satne of Anhoes Promachus stood on the Acropolis or the Eleusintin Road. What profrikuto tmash did you hem im utter gentlemen and scholars, touching tho Raman Prtto, an what wAS hiS misorable and mihplaced Jest about the Pretor Pereginus and Peegrin picke I it by ribaldry that a candidate seks to recomm-end himself to educatedaelectors? Andliam sure gentlemen anLd scholars that the shudder which Fltle m sstm agitated yours when, alluding, to Des: cats yhonourable opponent broke soi lamentably do inis theory of the aberratgio of refrangibiaity. Haa home from these hustingsi, where he can do no goo at al, and stuidy that work? What did he say of one,-gentlemen and scholar-, whom we can none of us naine Without respect ? I alude to Findar. He dared to speak lightly of thiat immortal man, and even to revile him as a flute player. and to glanice contemptuously at his five defeats by Corinna, the Tanagrtan I should be ashamedato take up your time in efuingsuc unorty srcams.Again, gentlemen and choars my on.oppnentledyouinto early Arabiana histry;butIt ws oly o brak ourshina in Arabia Petns, ot t coduc youthrughthe Arcadia ol Araba Feix. def himto povehis assertion Dmsu;and woulcl sooner foregoalhoofreivn aLt you ad the sacred trust I askc of yothnalwht the Abysinin held the errors of S. riGen aetlmn and scholars, if a man who, speaking of th Greek rowers confounded the Zeagitce.with the baatce-who evidently doubted whether he was righ whnbe alluded to the white marble of thLe Partheo-h did not know that the word Euxine maeans hospitabewogvyuth wrong dAt.e for the deposition of Ldsa h hr-h is as ignoraint of statics as anoldcow-who bas mistranaated Aristophanes three times in four pags-who mended a line of Horace into false quantity-and wo I now defy to his face, and in presence of you all, to tell me what was the rank of the Roman officers called Contubernales-I say, if Euch a mian be fit to represent an educated constlaenoy, iat the namo of the nine gods choose him. For my part, could he even be sent as may colleague I would as soon. go to electors who can select a Cox. or a 'Wiliams. Bak~ gentlemnen and Echoe4 'ar,lu&l tna;orazcanamuz. I know that 'you wil elect no such a schobastloo, and that, despite the exertions of his hired zo3neaclators.(wbo alone are enough. to vitiate his. election),'nay,-doei.be deniy these anvamerx? I tell him then mnore, and I\wjiU prove %s that he has used divisors, and has sought ta~,ilie oertsal needy ecbolaii and curates, and he salil heg$of It.irgain before a Parltamentary aomamittee. I say, iii spite' - * all his efforts and devices, I am sure of youi~sa*~s~gatio, sand I shall represett you and your interest in the'Heuse of Commrons. Yakle 4 31MThrSS or Till rA Ego..N.-In an, orchard At Binsted, In Hm-pslire, t%heie are at the pret' ftime rately.aized~ walnut. Thtre is. aloablcton e$ bloom. The apple trees appeared eual ~rber Ripe raspbenico atgw gay~aaanvl1
T2RB PACIFIC. - ' - - ' y the arrivel a Southampton yesterday aftaernoon of ths West Iddia mail-steamer Li Plata we have Teceived faYes of the Panama Star and Herald to the 9th of December. The steamer Lima, irom Callo, November the 26th, ar. zived in the bay of Panama on the momring of- the 7th. Thrfe cases of fraud in ChUli had come to light during the fortnight. Aclerk of ab iness houseii Santiago ad been detected in approp igJAemipioyepio funds, and no less t$1q0 G0.Q wat-sid to have been xpent by him at the giming.table. InValparaiso a Mr. Bernal, a retail-dealer, who for some time past had forged bills to meet 4s. labilities, committed suioide by leaping from a boat into the sea. The amount of his forgerles ii set down. it $100,000. In the Commissary of Ifu5nes-oflce i IdefaicatMon of $20,000 badboendiscorered; theheads of the department were arrested until the matter wasinveatigated. I The steamer Coustitution (insured in England) was lost on the bar of 'the River Maule, pisssemgers and crew savcd; the cargo, which consisted of provisions for the desittute in. habitant3 of the district, was lost. , a Congress was stil in extraordinary session, nd progressed slowly with its labours. A law authorizing the raising of a iOan of $7,000,000 to complete the Valparaiso and Bou0thern Railroads had been passed. Large grants Ira beeu mad 3 towards the ereCtion of Custom-houses, wharfs, and other public works. The work s of the electric telegraph between Santiago and Talai were progressing, atd wil be completed in a short time. The Chillsin war steamer Esmeralda had ailed under secret orders for Cobija for the purpcse, it *as ourmised, of clalming an American vessel seized by the Bolivian autho:i. ties in theport of Santa Marie, theright of sovereigntyove which was in dispute between Bolivia and ChilL The affiir of the Eeizure of the Sportoman was not yet settled by the American Minister. - - UMr. Philip . Barnes had been recognized as Consul of Denmark and Coquimbo. The German residents in Valparakso had resolved to establish a church and school; the English and American residents had already done so. The revolutionary party in the Republic of Bolivia had entirely triumphed. Dr. IAnres w-as acknowledged Pro. visional President, and General Cordoba (the ex-xuler) had lled from the country. The &ar and Herald has no later intelllgence of WalkePs movements at Nicaragua th an that received vid New York. CENTRAL AMRICOA. The mll steamer Columbus, from San Jos6o de Gutel mala and intermediate Central Amerlcan ports, arrived at Panama on the afternoon of the 7th. ILatest dates from the capitals of the various republics are:-Guatemala, November 23d; Cojutepeque (Salvador), NIovember 21st; Granada (Nicargua), November 21st, San.Tos& (Costa Rica), Deoember 2d. The news from Central America is not important. In Guatemala the census had been deferred until the cholers ceases its ravages. An attempt at reyolation near }squintlas was made, and immedately put down by Go vernment. - , In Salvador a number of violent shocks of earthquake had been felt at Copitipeque and the old cl; of San Salvadore They were Teported as being quite as severe as those of th,, great earthquake of 1854. The falr of San 3Mignel was-a dull one, and the price of indigo was very low. From Nicaragua we learn that General Martinez hai been elected Presldeot, only eight votes being given agains; him. The National Asembly met on the 8th of Novembe ' at Managua, and President Martinez was inaugurated or the 15,th The nmost active precautions had been taken by the Nicaraguan Government to make a strong and energetic wur against Cos-a Rica. General E[erez was in Rivas with 700 troops raised In the Occidental Department, to which force would be added an equal one, by General Martinez, '- who would place. hiinself at the head of the forces. The government of Costa Rica had manifested a desire to arrange matters with Niw raguas soon as a constitutional Government was establirhed. Commerce had suffered a great deal in consequenco of the siege of San Carlos, also the blockade of the river. The merchants had issued a strong protest addressed to the Glovernmentof Nicaragua, in wlhichthey asked, if the Nicaragiu Government should make a treaty with Costa Rica that a clause should-be inserted to indemnify theni for their loses. From Costa Ricas w learn that the express with the mail from San Jos6 for Europe found Hipps' Point in possession of 60 of Walker's men, and returned immediately with the intelligence to the capital. The G;vernment had sent a force of 400 men against the Filibusters. Websterhad gone on a mission of Immo kind to Nicaragua, and General Canas, who was sent to arrange the pending questions between the twa republics, was about to return. President bora had had confeered upon him the title of "' Bene. merito de la patra.1 Congress had adopted the decimsl Qystem for coinsge, weights, and measures The coffee crop 7was calculated this year at between 80,000 and 90,000 quintls; price still continuedhigh.
WHE VOTR.UMBEBLND 'AND DUEBA2! DISTAOr BANK. TO THE EDrTOB. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-AU1owr me to cor,reot an error fn your late report of theo meeting of Satntdar. I suiggested the name of the cbafr.man, who is a mlanaging director, 'as a 'liquidator oa the iart of the sharelolders," not of the "creditors." Yonilv_ - Dec. 30. , W. B&INB3RLDGE,
MIR. SPnGcoN's TABmwAcIrE.-A Lazaar in aid of the £unds for tho erectoio o£ a larie tabernacle for Mr. Spurgeon opened on Tuesday at the Surrey Masic HEal. The hall was decoratAd with flags, and various specimens of needlework jewelry, and fancy articles were arranged upon et311s on thre floor. A platform was erected on the spot hitherto occupied by the orchestra, upon which ws di;played * variety of goods forsale under the superintendence of Spurgeon. At 3 o'clock Mr. Spurgeon, according to the programme, lecotured in the -refreshment-room. Ho selected for his subject the pleasures that might be enjoyed by Christian persons. He recommended that asceticism should -be avoided, but, at the same tlm, he warned his" heaers against those things which were called pleasures, but which the oonscienoe told were not pleasures that should be indulged in by a Christian person. - Of this class - he instanced evening partiesbhere persons met together In white hid gloves staed at oie another, and talked nonsense; and declared thaSt, for hts part, he would rather stop at home than-undergo the aizery of such smusements. He believed that if some persons advertised bottles of water as a moat delectable drink the draught would soonbe consideredagreatdolica^3y, and that many things pleased merely because they were caled pleasures. With Tegard to dancing, his opinion was, that it was a most healthy exercise, and should he freely in. dulged in; but he thought males and females should dance apart, the ordinary practice of coupling the sexes in the dance being productive of unholy thoughts. Games of skill he saw no objecion to, but games of chance could be said to be productive of no beneficial result, and, as in the case of Messrs. Palmer and Cook, had led to evil consequence, which .tho countenan-e of Lord-Derby could not coun terat. The rattle of diceboxes always reminded him of the eating of lots at the foot of the cro,s for the ve-sture of tLe Saviour, and. he did not think it became any Christian to touch them. Bat IB was no use giving advice on these matters, for most persons had made up the2r minds upcn them, and only sought some authority to excuse that which their consciences told them was not zight-. Relgion, he declared, was never intended tomake our pleasures les$ and he advised all to despise conventionalism in their enjoyment, but to avoid those pleasures which the conscienoe con' demLeed. Referring in conclusion to the object with which the meeting had taken place, he thanked those who were in ttendance for their assitnce, and ted that up to the presenttimeoS,2001.hadbeen raised towardatheerection of the Tabernacle,thetotal coat of wFhich would be 20,0001 - a?renn Dnanr.-On Wednesday morning an iu,nest was held at the Jolly Caulkers Tavern, New-road, Iotherhithe, on the body of Riobert Sinclair, aged eiglit years, the son of a lighterman, residing at No. 46, Con. mercldlstreet. The deceased attended a frea school in hfedway-place,j Deptford-road. On the 2d ult. ha was playing with a number of his schoolfellows, when ho produced a pea and ssid he would have a game at conjuring, and put tbe pea in lis ear and bring tout of his monal. The poor little fellow at once put the pea in his ear, and; such to his alarn, he was unable to withdraw it His cries woon brought mssistance, and he was at once conveyed .to St. Thomas's Ho3pital, where every means were resorted to relieve bhm, but without success. He was accordingiy agin taken home, and placed under the care of Mr. Cregeen, surgeon; but he died on the 20th ult. There .wasnot'the slightest donbt that the peagradnalypenetratod Into the head until it caused some Injury to the brain. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," accore-nied by a recommendation, both from the coroner aniL jury, to the effect that the schoolmaster, be requested i, caution the whole of the ehildren ina bodyagainst amusileg thesmselves in a similar manner to that which led to tlhe deceased's death. I CoTroN GOODS.-MAIMCHESTEit, Dec. 31.--New -year's daJ being a holyday, the market was held this morna. lng. The symptoma of returning confidence mentloned toi Tuesday are still perceptible, and, though there is not muc' fncreme of business, prices arc steadier, and more cheerful. neEs prevalin There is a moderate demand for long and r; cEot'os, witb prlces -rather over the lowreet recently curron', tnut hieavy c oth is tdifficult to-selL There is rather more inquflry foS- printng-cloSh6, and fnore busine-s h,8 een done- in bot 44)- inchs and 3d-Inch 3hirtings. In 40-inch a' much larger busines -mighe be done if manufacturers were less firm in trying for higher rates, most of tbhsm hng unwilling to take extended contracts at present ate,. a pr2s there is mush less irregularity in price sin C Tneaay, asid ,uore t busness has been- done on rather better tennes, 4specially in twenties to- thirties rter in warp and beedi., and in thj mec l c-OUnts of cope prepaied for thle Germaa marlcetns r o market for bot1z clotl 5and.--Juu olosp rather firmer,
MiIJABY'~ ~ ,2 -ZAIAL T72?ELLrGZATOB. In consequence of ciroumstances which have recently taken p1 i connexion with the issuing of neceesaries to '.those troops under orders to proce3d to India, the whole subject is nowr under the corasideratlion of the authorities at the Horse Guard, several very important alterations for the benefit of the soldier being unadorstood to be In contem. plation. It has for some time past been observed that there has'arisein a feeling or dissatisfaction in the minad of the soldier who is about to embirk for Indlia in conzequence of what is coauidered the unfair treatment to which he is subjectedin eompasxison with his officer, who proceeds in the same vesseL In additlon to having to purchase his-sea kit, which amounts to within a few shillings of 21., the soldier on ermbark}ig for India is paced under a stoppage O! 6d.. per diem for rations, exclusive of beer money, whereas the officer is allowed free rAtions on board, except in the' case of those returning to h ngland'on " private affairs." -It Is now propoeed to Provide the troops gratuitously with sea necessaries, and to plaoe them on the s%me footing as the officers with regard to their rations. Orders hive been7'glven to complete the Colossus, 80, screw steamer, and the Argus, 6, paddlewheel steamer, now in dock at Chatham, so that those steamers may be unndocked during the ensaing month. An Admiralty order was yesterday received at Woolwich by Commodore Shepherd, superintendent of. the. dockyard, ordering the uniforms to be presented to the non*comlsmi. dloned officers and privates bf the Dockyard Brigade. The order aleo spefcifes that Lieutenant ancd AdintAnt Christie Is to be placed on half-pay, and tbe whole of the brigade is to be forthwith disbanded, the stores, &o., to be retarned to the depdt. The whole of the numerous staff comprising the offioers and creir retained on the books of the receivlng ship Fis. gard, bearing the flag of Commodore Shepherd at Wool. wich, was yesterday paid off, forming an aggregate of 600 officers and men, ill of whom, with:the exception of Masters htugfoid and Williams, removed to the half-pay list, are retained on the establishment for the ensuing five years. HEr. 3Wesy's paddlewheel steam-yachts Black Eiagle, Bnshee, Vivid, and Princess Ahlo are ordered to be held In' rezdlness at Woolwlch to form a portion of the Royal squadron. to accompany his Royal Highness the Prince Frederick William of Prussa aud her Royal Highness the Prlncess Royal from England after the approaching nupsthIs.' The French Governmen tank-yvesel Tocsin, Captain Leloy, from Cherbourg for Goree, put into Plymouth on Wednesday evening, one of her crew having been injured by a fall from the bowsprlt. He is under charge of Mr. Brncis Fox, surgeon, and is progressing favourably. The following appointmentg were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Benjamin P. Dicklnson, mastkesassistant, to the Calypso; Thomas E. Cooker, master's-assistant, to the Renown; and John B. Johnson, mastes-assilstant, to the Buffalo. - 3E~~~BLITIA. The following address from the inhabitants of Uxbridge and its vicinity has been forwarded to the LieutenantColonel Commandant of the Royal Blthorme Light Infantry, nciw stationed at Cork:- -Sir ;' TO CoLomm PRIOR. "Sir,-}3aving recently ascertained that the Royal Elthorne Miltiti Regiment is about to be moved to another part of Her Majesty's dominionsj and there being no other opportunity of demonstrating publicly our sentiments, we avail ourselves of this opportunity of presenting to you, as Commandant, as well as to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, our public thanks for their general good eonduct.ndea eeleentstate of discipline whilelyingin bitlets iii Uxbridge andits loclity. The shortness of the time wll not admit of a more public testimonial, but, Sir, we do hope obuwffl allow as in our names, as well as on behalf of a large number of neighbours-and townspeople, to express our unqualHied approval of the mode in which so powerful a body of men, numbering so. many young and ineiperiencedrecruits, have been so vrell disCoplined and managed while in this locaity and in billets. jIa concludon, Sir, allow us to assure you that the Royal Elthorne Militia will carry away with them our hearty and best wishes, and thst we look upon your regiment as peculiarly our own, and feel satisfied that wherever they are ordered theirrennion and efficiency wi be well supported both by officers and men. " We beg to subscribe ourselves your well-wishers, the inhabitante of Uxbridge and Its locality, and C 0. P. PRiCE, M.A., Incumbent of Uxbridge. "THwrOAs IaTLrn, BALs Curate of xbridge."
* Tan VALuE OF A1S EY.n-At the Rotherham County Cout, on Wednesday evening, a case was tried oS considerable importance to men employed at iron works, being the jrst action brought under such circumstances. The plaintiff wa s Edward iBurgess, and the defendant (George Booth, the former being employed as a-"puddlor," and the latter as a "shingler," at the Park Gate ro w orks. The -action was broulght to reeover 5par, as compensation for the loss of an eye, and was beard by a jury. The circumstances are these:-The defendat had the care of a tilting hammer of filve or six tons weight, and the plaintiff and other puddlere carried mol,en iron from the furmace to theE hammer in round bulls to be beaten. The process ws this:-two balls were required to be taken to the hammer in immediate suecession for the purpose of being welded together. The hammer strikes on two faces; tie "splod" face, whilch does not meet within some six or eight inches, and will onlyjust square the ball; and the 'high" face, on which the metl can be beaten quite dat. The first ball is placed upon the splod face by the puddler, and after receiving a stroke or two with the hammer is turned over by Mm, and then left in the care of the "shingler," ho has control of the hamnier, and who having, in the meantime, inserted into it a rod of iron called a "staff," lifts it upon the "high" face to be further beaten. The, duty of the second puddler is in like manner to place hls,bsdi upon the "splod" face, turn it over, and then move off, while the shingler places the former ball upon the latter, and then lifts the two together upon the high " face" to be welded. On the 15th of April Joseph Cole took his bela to Booth's himmer lathe useal way. Burgess, the plaintiffv was some minutes later than he ought to have been in followiog with a second ball-a circumstance of frequent occurrence, owing to unavoidable diffloult' in the puddling of the lilaid metal. -Plintift's ball was unahapely, and he was in consequenoe utable to place it upon the splod face. It should be mentioned that the usual course is for the shingler to hold the ball on the high "face" quite still by mocans of his "s taff," while the second puddler is putting his ball on the splod face; and when any delay ocours in the bringing or placing of the second ball to order an as8ifant to gagor stop the hammer. The object of holding the netal still Is to avoid that incrossed emission of sparks which-results from turning the hot metal zbout tnder the hammer, but the object oE gagging the hammer seems to be rather to orevent the spoiLing of the iron by undue hammering prior to the welding than to stop the emission of sparks; inasmuch as it is not gagged when the second puddler is in time, although the hotter the Iron the greater the emissldo of sparks. Vhile Bargess was trying to t the ball on tho splod face a piece of red hot mets flashed into his eye, so burning it that he lost the-sight of it, and the question at issue was whether Nooth was to blame for the injury. The jury decided that he was, and gave the plaintiff a; verdict for ihi. damages.-Lccds Lfcrcur. DEA= rRo- EAT1NG r.LU t-UFUDDwo.-Yesterday mr. wakley held an inquest at the Blephant and Castle, Camden-town, on Frederick Harding, late an inmate of St. Pancras workhouse, aged about 60. Oe Saturday the .deceased was devouringa large quantity of cold plumPudding, and after he had eaten some pounds of the pudding and was in the actof swallowing another large piece he fell suddenly forw'aid in an insensible state to the ground. Mr. Wiliam Coster, the senior medic4l officer,was sent for; but beforehe came the manexpired. MIr. Coster, uponmaking a post-mortem examination, observed eome three or four pounds of plum-pudding in the decezsed's stomach, as also a quantity in his respiratory organs; and, from the con. dition of the brain it would seem that the wretched man had been seized with a sudden fit of apoplexy. On the day before (Christmas day) the inmates of the workhouse were well regaled with good fare, in the shape of roast beef and plnm.pudding, and the deceased must have managed to receive more thans his OfUc share. 'Lhe jury returned a . erdict of 'Accidental1 death by suffocation." Pnoris'rc SPJ ;FR9.-Saotchmaen are not merely prolific when looked at from the Registrar-General's point of view; they are prolific in most thi-nga. They are proliflc speakers. The amount of palaver that takes place In a Scotch Kirk Session or a Scotch Town-coxudll passes knowledge. It is a luxury that can be had cheap. It costs them nothine, and certainly they don't gradge it. I once aLttended a fown-oouncil meeting where the Eubject under. discusion was whether an additional Gs, Sd. should be given to the parish beadle. The tut, wisdom, eloquence, and loquacity of that meeting will haunt me to my dying day. They sat six mortal hours, abused each other like pickpockets, and then, on the motion from a corpalent Iaaie, adjourned the discussion till the following month So the unluhcky beadle did not get his increase of sar for another morth at least; probably he has not got it yet. For anything I know to the contrary, they may bave talked on till this very day.-Fraser-s Atagazine for January. [Advertisement.-The lNew Story, " Orphans," by the author e£f" l?Iarastet talatland," in C voL, is jesli plb'lshei * This bockcontainsasncseo!ionofsaeneeoflife and character, drawn by eau experienced and able hbnd, sccustomed to observe and ti delibesart.. Itisewntlally.awoman's bock. devoted tohfemintne feeling .pasion. and habitudes. There id a love story suni ng throu-, an Ste herotne goes ,hrough the proper amount of misesoee5i;n5s and embrogriooe.sfore rse reaches theo dinal happines Of MiU Well-Ordered novels. kit tbosbock Is far fram a coamooblaceaone. d many O' us sketches oS womnsly ,sprit contain 3 depth and pathos worthy nf ePApecWalmsemar1:.t-fhronulIe. HanEt and Bleketz, publlhea, 13, G,catl arlborosghstreet. [Advertisement) -Plancl163 new volume of "Fairy Tales' Fonr and-Twenty Fairy TAies with' ilustrattor by Godwia. Cesbould, and W. HaiEy. in one voL lpriics ?. 6&.) cloth git. " A ineaeeltertaln'tog writer, or one who bha achieved gsatesr sneueatI hbi own psxuliar depa-truent than J. rt. Plasnec6 we colld not name. '7sntbe wrldaffalryliteratouehe relgs gapreme. The ol-eatdes. tbat bhvedeightei so amny tener tiosow he h so: foGrth Jn 5ew form.. He hpl; in fect, become the guide of the Youth of both sexes to tha aenders, of fairy land. In this volume many fam.li,r fAo,a wll be recoentzed but they wear a be*uty all their own, ant livre been in- -vested wvith emias grac The Ilhlutratlons so very beautif0,1isa' It is deridedl, one of the cbeeiel and in alU- reape.t, heat gift b.mkAs of the seesou."-toraiiog ferald. Lonton, Georga Itostlelge and 'Co.. 2F aszrlodon-tiseot.. [Advertisemnent.]-Tho Comniserelal Crisis, 1857.-The 'Pro6gre of itbe Cnammereail Wsi-la l,r will be fo1nnd iecinct]y detafiled in "' The Bankera,' Ngarloe of tlbs oiiths of .ovember anid December. 1151, and January. iS. kec'udilnz thla i.rnclta boilnos,b'eetm o the failied nb',s -cThe LIt of Hep s5or, - 5tB Oi', aeO WIl, Oilth Xrin r^ung p.siicnlws counselte with ibis evenUda period l'ha succeing numbers Sill cntiUnue the isfoimatlort. and thus Sioro-ie at asi~ cay1enene a recotd forfeOtur,e refecsuve, lrrogi1zids e an4li11 eo; pgl sr, 5} 'lcrnenioierrenro,'' ,
T.UB nIPB1SONZD ENCISJR EaNGUEES AT SALARNO. The followinsg is a copy of the offiial paler relative to the imprsonment of the eagneers, WFatt and Park, at Salerno, which were yesterday printed by order of Parliamenit "<'CTG-COBSM flAfRAf TO flAnL OF CLA5RnION, (" eceived Dec. 5.) " (Extraot "NAplea, Nov. 28,ISS7. " I have the honourto report to yotr Lsrdshp that Dn the 25th inst I proeded, together with Mr. Park, to Salmrno. to visit the two engineers. " On reaching that townIapplaedio the Attorney*General, In order that he would anso the neseary orders to the prison authorities for our admsion, acid Iavailed of the opportunity to expreu to bM= my regret that when ll of the crew of fte ICagliri' hid beeneased from prison the engineers Watt and Pak had not been Included, anxd I requested to be Informed when the ri would come on. "Re replied that theyw wre not released, bece a letter of Miss Whyte's of a serious nature. had been found on Watt, or in his cabin on board the Cagliari, which had been oonveyed to him from the shore at Geao, by Park, and that he coid not state when the trial Would commence. "On entering the prison where the two engineers Ire confned I strictly examined them both on the subjeoc; of the letter in questonsand I am happy to say that the Attorney.Generars report to 3ue was completely fale. P ark never took any letter on boartd, and Watt never reieived one. Parke assured me that Dname days since he was brought bofore the Attorney-General, where he fomnd alredy waiting there one of the insurgents, who wa brouight to give his evidence. This individual deposed In favour of Watt and Park, compleldy exonerating them fro2 any complicty in the affair of the seizure of the Cagliari, aud stated that he (deponent), with others, had forced a notiea upon Park by holding daggers at iis khroat till he took it; that the notie was to the effeot that '11 he did hi duty no harm would happen to him (Pan:) or hIs companion; but If otherwise they would forfei Shtleir liver.' That both engineers were then forced down the engine-room, and one of the insrgents stood over ihen with a pistol, while another, uses armed, stood at tho top of the6ngine-room prepared to fire on the enneers ifthe In. orgents perceived ything toouse their suspicions. :Park further informs that when the wvitnees hd stated thus much, the Attorney-General, who had apparently trken down the deposition as it was utteredl hd.purposeJyso altered the 'wording tht on reading it to deponent lerefused to sign it, as the Attorney.genewl had contrived to make the deposition against the engineers, insteid of a complete acquittal. '; The deponent insisted upon that page of the procl being torn out, and the Attorney-Generalfinally, but reluctantly, did so. " I was informed at Salerno, by good authority, that on the 19th of October, when the enRiineerg were pronounoid to have been lawfally arrested, the President of the G3rand Court w;s very desirous of setting the engineers at Lbrxty. butthe Attorney.General insisted thatitshouldbe oherwise. "Enclosed, Ihave thehoncur of transmitting a statsment which Ihave drawn up from rihe reports of Watt and Park, nade tome in the presnoe of the father of the latter, who hs signed it with me; It is too fUll of the misery whicr! the poor men have suffered to require any comments from me. "ENcnosunn "Statement drawn up by Mx. Acting-Consml Barbar from the report verbaLly made to hi.m by Heny Watt and Charles Park, Prltish sabjects, late engineers of the Sardinian steamer Cagliari, now oonfined In the prison of Salerno, near Naples, and testified by Mr. Charles iPark father of the fore-mentioned Park, who was likwiwte *poesent. "Watt and Park were lande fro& the steamer Ca&Llari at the end of June last, together with the captaiu of that ship, her rezw, and passengers. The captain, engineers, and pasengers were at once conveyed to the Vicaria prison unbound, but the crew wera handcuffed. "A As soon as they reached the prison the engineers, as Well as the others, were desired that if they had any papers they would give them up. Watt had none. Park gave up his poEket-book, wherein he had a copy of a note which the insurgents had forced upon him #h6n they took passes. slon of the steamer shortly after leaving Genoa;; the original remained on board. - : "This no'e was not signed by any person, nor addressed to any one, and wais worded nearlyas follows, -Miz.: " I We have resolved to free our country from the yoke of slavery under which we have so long suffered, ard we call pon all uprightnemn to aid us. IE yon d your duty, no harm shall befall you; but if otherwise your livs are sacrlficea.' "they (the englneersand others) onaraivinigat the Prison were stpped naked by the police or prison authoritie; and in that position were jeered at by them. A"fter allowing them to dress again the two engbieers, with the passengers, were conveyed tos prison an the ground floor, cobsisting of twvo smal rooms, which were very damp, with one smal iron-barred window, which looked into the prion yard. Through this wlndow the sun never en;ered, and scarcely were they able to distinguish daplight through xit. - "To the msery of damp and bad ventilatlon was aidded one groater-viz., that, in lien of watercloset, a wioden tub was plaed in the middle of each room These two tub were emptied ever evening, if the engineers paid some person to do so, 1Eat not otherviso. They were nevervwashea, and:thes tench, especially at night, whE n the sma baTred wirdow was cIdsed, was very great; ana their .health soonbeganltosuffer. iThesetwomenwerekeptinthoso roomi daiing the'three hottest months inthe year,--viz, July, Augst, and Seitembei. They were taken oat of them when required by the police authorities to submit th3m to an interrogatory. On such oocaions they were handouffod before leaving the room, and brought back In the same mnner. Park mentions that on one occasion they condcted him through damp underground prisons before bringing him to be iiterrogated; and from the mnnmer o' the men wiognuarded him, he understood that the intention wss to Intimidate him, " The allowance mnde to them by the Neapoltan Gtovem- ment is-black bread of a very bad quality, and soup of so i nauseous a nature that they turned always fromitiin disgust, and four grani per day exch (less thsn 2d.) in money. "Money was occasionally Eent to them by myself and somo English engineers resident at Nples, by which they were enabled to buy better food. "Their beds consisted of boards supported on wooden trstles, with one miattress stuffed with bad tow, mixeit with bits of straw. They suffered much from vermin. "In tho beginnine of October they, with the captin and crew, were removed from the Vicarla prisons to those ej Saerno. "The m=nner ths was effected was as follows:- "The police handcuffedPark, and pased a leather strap, basiiesM, through both arms; they attamptedihesaitni with Watt, but he reisted this indigiiity as long as he hal strength, but beingeiverpowered, he was handcc ii and strapped in the same manner as Pan.-. They were then tiel together, put Into a carrinae into which three gendarmes likewiseentered. The windowsof tho 'carriage were all drawn up; and thus suffering from the tightness with whiohthey were bound, they were forced to perform at a iloq pace a 3ourney ocf about SO miles by nilght, in a carriage hes . 2zeeically closed. "They begged repeatedly that a window might i leID down for the sak6e of air. heir request was not oomplied -with. " When they reached the prison oE Salerno the craw of the Cxgliari were placed in two rooms,-one a large airy room, the other smaller, but wel ventilated. "The captin aadthctwo engineers wereput into'a small room immediately under those occupied by the crew, Whlic,h belonged to theogaoler. The room beina situated ver.r lor, and the 'spaoo occpied by their three beds leaving them little space to walk- In, the captain oommenced suf'ering frombowel complaint; Watt hasthreatenedInnlty; anF Pack, who enjoyed very good health before his imprIson ment, npowsuffers fr9m fits "A petitionxws sent by .themtotheAttorney-General, begging that they might be placed lnthe same room: with the crew, which was - grated one day before our going to Salerno-namely, on the 24th of November. "They have now a oerain space to walk in, iu the lrzger room of tIe two "Since their arrival at Salerno the engineers hare frie quently been conveyed from their prison to the tribinal tD bo examined by the Attoney-Gceneral. On these oaeslonu they have been paraded through the streets of Salerno, strongly guarded sndhandcuffed. "They have repeatedly begged that ity might be sparei te pain and humiliation of n%codl, l ut theirpra&yr bha lwysbeen refused, "The handcffis are made of iron. Park s ta that fcr severl days -afterthey reached Salerno the marks ware' sti visible on their wrists and arms fromthe titne s with -wblh they were beund when they were takes from Naples to Saleno. -"'The small su of four grani per da , allowed U: each wuin by the Neapolitn Govenent, enasbles thecm to pay, for the hire of theirbeds.- "The bed axe ofa better deaoripLicn thanie they hM a at Naple. . ."The company to whom the (-aglai belongs. sllows ubout 12s 2d, dally to as4st the -crw in t=heir sub31 sec, but thls small sum, lhving to be dvided moung 22 persomrt helps them but very ittle. "'The earnest praycr of the engineexs is, that thei mir xPedY be brought to trial. They hive already been oon;. fned for five months without being Zowea, ra.iw:iadz thEFlst 10 daym to see any one, e=piingezn ones ecaaiee. whnan engineer named Wood sa theum iLa th ze 2gaples for a lawt moments; and, C ;if Imia us pr7eyris n., immeod£itely complied wiith, wre, the underiigned, fear tSdwtell npon t;he consequences whrich arelikely to befal these men. -, "'(Signed) "LEWYIS J.EARBAIi, AciMnj BitIhh -" gCHARLES3 PAX, senior, Iatbex ot Charles Park, late engi,eelr of-te, Ctag,1iai, now imlprisoned al.Salerno . " Taplee, iNov. 26."
: I, -- , I. -H ZI fXA.SPES TI" AT ............. : The yrl1857, as far s the Opera-house hs usnoerne 7 has come to a cheerful termnination, for luK migt La Mm;viata was revnved?, and Mademois elle Pi ccolcanii m ad e he:e - fis tappearance for the wintersemeon. Mainbok of tihn Opera Is, to be sate, somewhat of thei lachryaose order, bitu: then -the tears elicited by the work, and stMl more by thoa: young artist, are of good sbstantial w avke. Jupiter nlit have shed them when he wenti to woo Danufi, and th.e> golden shower wouldonly have been increased t.ereby. In. ehort- whether in the regular or in the extra seasOn, th, firat 3iight of Z -?raviata (Mrademoielleo'icualomiin oE' course inclnded) is a sorb of festive occasioR, ana the Ra3mnar-et is thronged by a multitude whcse aDpI.teI fbr iie, lrlcal treat is stimavIted to a dqee thast forbMdden frulr. can alone inspire. "Would I ware a Jew !" eiClaijdeA ., lover of swine's flesh, Immoraliz-ed by Dr. ToIsason, "f f(irthen I could eat pork with all the gusto of sglnnh" Wkn0 would not be the father ef a fmillyin a sciuther,i or cskerAw suburb for the sake of tellig lie neighbor thar'he ha'!A' taken an operal-box on purpose f,o ues.l;T iatai TIM. audience hovered over by the last asight of 1857 was in eve2y-; way wortby of the established festUvity,-bo=e3s aIUnl], galt lery and pit densely 3rmmed Ose almo tregrete thiob ihe opera closed about U o'cloLc If it had lasted ant' konrIonger we shonld Dhave 2raiaad ihe mcwl year in. Certinly Mademoiselle Piocoloainii never sung better, oracted more dellghtfullythan lstnidght. Har jo,yous scenra,g sptrkedwith plyfol coquetry; her burats of pipsion w .lmas spontaneous asthey.. were powerful; her dsathwas touching picture of the agonyof a young, adeni leingp, who is forced to quit -life wvhen sie has' first diMu' oovered that life is 'beantiful. In aMl phases' ziic oompletely' charmed her audienoe, and; the fall tof tili, curtainwas followedaby calls of the goo, oll-faaldo,nslL, school and a shower of bouquetE, wh:ch thq, yolmg Tocalstpicked npin her own semi-playful manner. lfosLiadmirabl;l, ,too, was she supported by Signor Giuglini, whose voike? seemed finer than ever, and who usd it to the beebt pupose, in depicting the devotion and imipessoned despair of tie. infatatea Alfredo. Never wi vocal 1Wenttaore eloqYtlly employed. As the elder Germont, S3gnbr Ali;jghiar1 ZdiA himself greatcredit. His voloe, though oti veru power,., is of good quality, and he Eings with taste ari.d e:preesion..
TE AmEo(IAX lRIAn.s-Sorscr i?T=, TEhursday.-The United Sbatoa' mall steamship Ariel, Captain G. D. Ludlow, left Eavre this inmring, ead Cowes th-is evening, fo: New York, With the cerman, :Trench, asidi English mails, 98 nassesgers, 1,D0DP. i specei from thin, port, and a large cargo. 1)ense fbgs at Bemeri and Have are assigned as the cause of b.r det,ntion, yesterday beiag, 'her proper date of departue TH A1rsCmA.T.T Posu5A, SEstVxCn.-A OParIii& ,mentary' paper of1l6 pages in lenth ,yestrday-prn ket, oontains a copy of the contrct for crr5ying the Austra1m,r mail to Melbourne -zid Alexandria and Suez, andzsundryr articuialrs relative -to the 'vessls eOmployed in the sevicce. Phe tme occupled-by the voyage out during the past yeai, 157, -a from 52 daysi 9, hours to 99 days and 4 hourm - there having occurred in several cases an excess over the, time allowed, for which penalties were enforced. Betweaml Suezand Bydney there are four vesiels now employed-the, European, of 530 horse power and 2.359 tons ; the Coiumn Nia, of 530-horse powrer and 2,351 tons; the Sla--- of 640-horse powrer and 2441 toe; and. the_Eieul, of 300-horse powrer and 1,538 tons; 'the latst two arei chsrtered. Betwreen Soctlaamptor and Alexsandrh tfir chartered veEels, the-Tamar and the Tevbot, arhi lnmpiqyeR, andbetweees Maltaan d MaraellleeVane 'Vanguard, a char-- tered vessel of 30-horse powrer-and 626 tons. There has:. beten no correspondence -htwe the' TreVury aund the~ directors of the Europeani and utralian Itoyatt all UJom. pany and of the Roa Mall Seapacket Compay, with. the niew of amalgamating the said companuies up to the': 'date of the addresls of the H ouse of Cotn nons for this return5 which address was dated the 20th of Anghst. The xetum-R was moved by Mx. tacartney, ILP. .IIEDUCTION OF THE STEa Ir xrn Ba O lPos:AGn,-Onthe let ofJTanuarynet (to-day) andthanceforwards the Briti3h rate of postage npon lette despatched fromany port of the united kingdom by a private ship,whethersteamer or sailing vessel, wi be i.ecoed to 6d.-%he half_ , ounce, in all cases where it now e:ooeds thst sm. The2- cherge upon letters above half an ounce in weight wiT increawe according to the scale for chargn,inlanglettexs Letters, however, conveyed by private ship from thls country to France or Beiunm will continue 1 isbl to a ctmbined& iBritish esd foreign rate of 4d. the onarter ounce In the iesez of France, and of 4d. the h1itlf'o n Iln the ose of E1e. glum; and letters conveyed by private ibip to Hollard, Hamburg, or Bremen will still be charged with a cornblued Brgtish and foreign rate of 8d^ the half-ounce as heretofor rsor -_ _. ednesda SMOcsG AoT A ow-Em.-On W asesclay Lnt, wrile Iord Stanley was being conducted over the northexn, docks and works at LiverooL Mr. Charlesllxner offered a.. savannah cigartohis LordEsip, anl both havIUg provolke& the perfume consequent on ignition a polioemen suddenly appeared with-" No smokig allowed'here, Sir i" "Xonsense," said lMr. Tarner, "1 amtho chairain of the dock. committee." "Then," xesponded the-oonatsblc, "you. 'u!ghtto know better than to violate the lawvy- u must moir smoke here." The poliemanapplied for and obtained smn- mons against Lord Stanley and Mr. TEnier but MajorGreig, on Saturday, applied te -MIr. Dixon, then on the,, bench, and obtained permisEion to rithdrawr the sxoneons. The rnmour, however is, that the constable ras an ncon - scious inatrment Inperpalratihg a'hoax for his correct sens of duty was practised on by M" . Alderani Bold, who, with the other members of the committee, enjoyed thc. joke.-Liverpool Post. 'AL IIsroxrcAL CnrRONOLOGY.-CO:.-ED MY . Cox.-A.D 1-1857. Wars of the Rosee arged betvween these. dates, and ended by the dEfeat ol the bosaiaus-Mb the batb e- of theBoyne and the ratfication at Rouen of the peace of; Amiens. A.D. 925. Aocesion of . th good Queen Mary uPpon -he decollatlon of King Jamei; the irst. A.D. 1001, Fnal defeat of the Roundheads at the baittl ol Austerhits A.3n. ll9S. Drowning of the Duke of Clarenoe bjr his butler,. 1almsey. LD. 1588. Restoration of King Charks thoThird after the defeat of Joan of Aoc at the battle of Wtarengo. aD.'1797. Disoovery of -America by Sir Walter Raleigh, in compa&y with Adriral Drake and Captain T. 1. Cooke. lb. 1779.: Spihish dinrmds, towed irita. Ramsgate Harbour by Lord Alexder Columbus after the~battle of Calleden; AD. 1800.- Death of-Frederick thcGreat at Botiny Bay, agter Iiis removali Irm St. Elba and: the Castile of Otrno.-Punch. . ~ ~ aad STucx iN T la'Mumr.-I-am-3n the eriipiro of mud. I an amsisting at a festival in which 3mud forms the 'prevailIg element. -I am -samounded by muddy nlavegatoas,. muddy engineers, muddy policemen, muddy clerks of worlrs,. muddy, reokless ladies, muddy directors, muddy secretarices; and I become muaddyynysif. Mud-.soft.claey mud-L, ihe distingiisiIng- feate -in this laand- of dirty Dq6, - Not to be rnuddy is toaggue youre! lmknovin,'aund to Ixbe confounded with the nuap6itat jai" andfile of viitors, who number in and around the yard,- and .upn the rirerand the opposite coaSt, 'fUll 100,000 Bouls, - The birihplecoof the Iaiathau presaeis rathert ehabtio { IOtare. Lying*. about in the ck like plums in a.pudding, ire luge soraws, crowbars, broken h mes, bits of ion, 0co heels, heotof metal, scaffold polez.nd-}lochs of timber, big spike-- naile, felled trees, iron girders, iieee6 ,of sible, chain,. pullleys, and boilers, mnto wish people wneep out eSr the rn,. T'here is the hlum oi' mnJn voices' upon lendb and the shouts fiom the river,.the. .mul and raglnS of the beElz on- the opposite shore, the hissing of stam, and the * datter -of the engins. Caewor. olcLa}s pes me, whd hbae been hard' sad anoslyat work for many week aand. ho ha been up olh night. They look at me with a sorry welcome, wondering how I and so niany-persosis cat take interest in whaeappeas to them an irksomue WLk .There are groups or stout, powerful navvies, lAncasire, and Yorkshire, who are-. not occupiedto;day it the' work of the yar, sad different. cladses of lounging workpeople, sornoin blue jackets, an&' somne in cl,ycy browvn shirt, and scme in fustian suts andvery greasy caps. These are the men, ho have been worlin for so many weary months 'upon the gree,t ship's shell, andthey are there with their wives and their ihilJdren-bablez in arms-to witness the sucoess or failure of their handi- work. Some of the women have brought their husbsuids dinners, and thewait, lookig curiouly at the arrangements around them,a-until tho repat Is finished upon plee of old iron or inside a oller. Some of the boinnerbearer ure not so fortunLte in fiudig their husbands in the crow&-i at the exact moment when they irint them, aind they ruu,m about bewildered- in the general din, bemoanincg, the fact that the dinner Is geting cold. The spzrrows seem to be aware thAt eomethirg is going on. of far more interest to them than tie gigantic= launch, and they asiemble in gret' foroe, chirruping 1!orthe crumbs that may fall from the poor men's table. One. very clean. ns-f old widow, after some difficulty, finds herson, a very greasy, muddy lid, with a gool d:al of lamsblk about his face. To the ola dlady's great concern ie. does not seem to c-e about his dinner, and aheoir mre that:. he must want -something after being up all night about the - yard, The lad has ben stienohatee oy somae:feilowr-woskmen with a large allowance -of lb*r, sad this, together- with the exoiting event of the day, has made hilm so indif- - ferent to-food that the old lady, rry unwillhingly, is eompelled toleave the arefully prepared comlorts i-o tke theirchance in the eccrse. of the a,fternoon, BScih domestic. events go on, no matter-what great interestes arie hanging inthe bance. Dinners were brougbt to workcmen by careflu wives asd mothers at the building of the Tower of Bahel; and why not at the launching of the loeviathanl The wel-- fare of her grea, mauddy on, was of maore nioment to them clean, old, widowed mohtsr than-the-gre,' sule'- carcese, rhich 100,000 people were so amuous to aco floiting on t1M, watwi4-DirkcuVa 'Hou;ckolc? Words,"
SATAS BY AUCTION. lIA, MRS'x ORDER oflSAE L th Mrt LVa Vpst he Riko nls,o hursda nat, them77,a Hlorolow 31-11faluv 1. The valuable Absolute Aroation to the sumr of £4,49 Os.5d. New Threexiw CuL Reuced Anaultles. receivable ontha daoesae oft 2. T. Abolue Reerulntothe Sam of 42,000 Clonsol&e,sodirablte on the decemas of a gesiseman. now in his 65th Tear. 3, TheAbsolutBe Seseeon 1oth, um of£Li555wle d. Oonsoya,re- 4. TheAbsolirte Xevnalouto AOneasixth PAct Of Share Of the, Rem ,f £8,000 sterling, receIable onz the deocas of a lady now In her 79th 5 . LFOlayol Arsurxnce far thke suma of £21D. in the sgk, if .Ajkmuree3omesa2.on tbe lifef a entleman now inhts Bd year. B. A Policy of A¶suranoo for the sum. of 42,000 in the Egle, Llfc hAmqurdse Gool "on the lids of a gentlermn now la hls37th year. pe aent. AnnumVAL 8. The AN,olute Reversion to the sum of LI559 17e. 10d. Oenssl%r, g ft4vabl ot fte Ueoeu at lad flnow In ble b7th lire. 9. Three Sbasm in Kimng COllege London, and Ten Share In the Tbeas.e Br6ya DruryI.ne. l. Beeot. edpatb, a baukrupt.- The Raeversl~m to 33 Sh%res £13 secured upon morgtgag of proprty siltu%te at Mile-end Newtown. IL. He Teopld Redpath a bankrupt.-The Reversion to6 the Suan ofztLo heeprCent. Coosol, Purt of a larger sum, and to a Debt of £9110, s=eeslabie`on t"ea dacess of slady ynow in her 8Sub year. ii, Be LaopOla Xe4atb, a bankrupot-Tire AbEolute Revesin to a Oze.stzth Pastt or Shafe of the Sunm or Zt.OThre pr anepOZOU I. AL I sebold Property, mnost advantozeously situnte, on. rozion's. zmesn Fulhams. of tkhe eoiniated value of £56 per annum, IC,A Leasehold Propety Noe. 1, 2, 0 and 6, St. Jamee's road lothunrwis St Jaaiesa stet), Blne Au nor-~,oad lermondsay, eaia11e of produsing rentals arnunlingtto £80 peitannum -16.A-Fehod Prpery, itute a Hucuo,ai the piarish of St. I* lgeue, aenikaga cionsodg of lbebs torth Inoe beeRshEp n he b6, Deishbhfre.-alutal PReTehold Property,t for the favztt3 shea obusiness Swae cnalgted -undceratheuo lny o etrrenrL Boa adPaitchuard m, be abtained atbe darot; thmd le.t tahelntofrioes, iiB. PETER BROAD haM theLpeaur of AUnTON,i hi onithfu ainmlstet. THID! PRIT HADtdand thatu fOrt Th fture lb business wil be ondetedUnEothleunamee.oMessrs. PTher Boa and Pritebrd,ot oful whomh wine, devotes teselue to einterest cenetnry.-Autlon oandoesate. C.nyfle,2. o;r,cO. L%F4Qle Ziwrd orae.-, rtlle-c9, lde,erousairee;t W.ckuey.-Lieea hA. old3untore5 19, _ s.olnttua-eldg, and Slthoef auctroeer. an4:Cheel XWR 1. PETER BRODROAD EL byd AUICEIND LYE EL y Z rO, on the Peie.THSDT pre1d sa. Januar ldayI, the mse ft1.th sZl HOUSZHOLU FURNITURE f uu l desripon,mThe tcky adfouklume ancluten Bedatlekdis, pikestbe sbums btadch, countes,o effects, Onlaow morn ingOrw fsome CBraooges onThDresdlsm and &rc, Leena E rns., offi.L asInee,20,Asa Iterms.oy fW.Rsbed isy AlibIs must be utslredeImadlTHlIate theY saler.2 t 3f I reteVllas, CrayE ler rod wsluu b, WT R OnOMit l e u InTmZ In fthew lialagldw am ato.-"sefry aond ehnlvetrnure and RI eetr. Peremyadptory Sale orwdero the Trmwusewes f r tulpoodkwedll, foar-yos Irn midperp tend edratea,ofeather beds beddin,est ofnd dI3nng adres singboardes sof paesm.bcs, ssflner mey and dteulaog glases a ota t pianoforte inooahogany case,ta supeitlyg Stenleavn maholgany saritoe,Bdrusran er crt rpepan. kitche reqlle,od oakIou teffce omt view mpolrning of sale . ICitalogues onthe.m Ire 'walnuto and Spais Dalton,Re *mllllr DO , Blueo's Tudrms , Aifoorsate-sokeet;ordof weautoedrsand;Pmilemy' wardrrtstobe wt cleste. limmediats,ely afte the dale.dZgni oltjm tnsjt Onisrle tots PandIins. etablu Kanuft.acsrd Mod iern Fuirof lItbD Cttagber PnIalore byi Kirmand s%aoeBrunes, h d. ednAdRvn China rea~ee 1. ae,Mleoflausoentleman. ROU BECRAn RSIDPSON, SELL,t ate o iterarys GratMrlooubbet.TIS19,Jnur Lioad 1 or 1- prelsey- THRE, 4 eleantw walnutlrgdRAWING- PROO TION o ini LIrims anda gonldedmank, oomeary and extceurtan and letlntof brilian pla ote cblasses oflieature, nclmdngsa whIahr a0; ,o m Ios cutantos in Hstoiperep Nandmarone clth wIt ah orer, hand;i gzueo someW1 pedetal sidebardos FWoit ltuat-las ba'okse, copetao tele18ope Trme ining rabls p eet b 6.l bo rokaes, petaHolewiigals,st ,oF bLe WAthTufed BacsURdsTate win SELL, eby hAUrsan sofasen, ute,dnne Baiges, anRo&y elpensie- ill.~ in Tcurseda oan.;7 athe puncyteuallyothe STOC of epinpa b I eNDRoaFbER Lto walnut and, rompangs maogerany cmprisint.fOur-vost TudornAatay and Pariguan bestteadoos,.wot byl amaskn anpplinaion friur n Sappropriat bDdy-ing, ined EuanLod geastemen' warldrobe wit plazte Drawlsgdoors Suie al n dewamiatnglsed, tlOet&F and wash siandsfoite mn arLetop Gandes &Zttngs tabery Oupnrll, andc narniternd Tof the e chamlec, Ounty sal ibios-dy ndt cata logneec,&bad emve.fo Dewhraq Lre by rdery of th Ebzr ooete wlhobe VV`eert BEL wil SUrIibya UtION at1 thenirose, 161, Qaiecadily.tw dono.srmNowOmo-trea iy.T E A, January 4, ndtw fllwig12g . a nIOllNo h AIBIi,AiIY ofa guentleman HOUpSEHgOan FylURNt cllcto Oflc boksinWx&. mostcldigassso lteiatue Wamnst ue whith arle Lodgce' orbeton do,,3 &1 migistote N atrlnu,t4 volke PaMoglmn dn Ma azineo on ellm lnlytw coIesso rited; Hne eam Slerleem Vi~rbil To LinendPropretrs. Sik Mercre, 3 and Hothers. I~P, WALTER BURTO ceiveLd by AruUo- bro n*oo ut apwrultndliolv Otar Paoci Soles, Houantily of Coco-nu Fattng.uzu Turee, W,removedi frlom Two oursnamutazedeby Sorder, ofd thedSherff, togeth verdit oteraa M SEL by A O CIKwi bNL, at ieSl o 19Qsn-theeev gatt doorerom Nw Coo on- borend. To-SoDw, Januaryfor f-ast 12. a ASEIBLAE ofanpelor OUSIEHOI FURNITURE, Oncluice FitIng, d., ncldigoanduiaut alnut suite with tableand hio j3puemdc mratcers uagndte warobsutm bookcasehwth phiss doors, large( carpeds alasss, wao,ol umru drawing-room nuternace,e pan superbt Spanish mahe toganyw, lnnobleoommobsrsdbeo.cbhsmllerapolntmed,bi compkiandoorset,o caredatisuan lou'ng, covere In morooo,dune tabitsop diigtable,bokm capvedfac sitdebard, mfoeny ers handbsomea chandi bailand3 lTrenhm ceqloaksc seprior oAU c funza rnda rne efohts OMOnU 'awmrnin ofsale,ps end cafttabloges nted f bsd anouletroa 2ar,liodoyn-waledL1 Wouelid FrySl T orHttropwlstors4. WineheMerchants, andobethere. aa frj mieProClcto to oSErLyLUTIN at theTI rt, ina careu,bs and Pn'l-mall dtThere ga Ilcet-r tewonnerlnatharhed, anda consIeralesmsm of money htoasle atelyeon eslpendeduneonothelpie h, oulton byvtuatomn. TuAorsbe iwe ycadyol)wic a b Can'n lsusisidan O Foitre Tre WrUghT-IrON, Sate- Va,uTwo ornaentaolPd.caestal.s Stoter, and vaionsufctng aemve frcomca gensuenrsn0 ereedncu andB frosm an DG atreschm rsnd SrLat's,L MarkSBS BULLOCKme-!ne on idllth SELLauu, at th by dgreit tYilonofte, 211, HIgh lndornap,e To-mrrw at1 frhafpat1 puncualy,I1TOUEX I eustnd OF-bfiCEtFbrITURE including6 IcL onbdeads with cleran goo beduad mahlueBtreeach. maht ogany and jandannoldrawers and wardr obe,I marble iceht)nr etzoiltsgrost,St. orgeign roNe,-towo Sorgans,arnobl comod -byh Hollan, roel.ge So,h back ando dorsa, ~ cared a rntiq s camon7it. 6 sIde219d dinnepr tabirs 3 an 10 t. ong,chars ad esy cair In eat.r, edeta wuidtin;. rI-ros, Fenh cock. Brln ad Fenc bonzs, -andh Trmoulna A erylane Arrsnlsmp,lzgtof aptalShe lcosnd nL4 umerous ftexcebleg ulentee may Jon.rewed, Cabnecatsoueslrat5g, ad l. ooPln Soies bl t bal,sTtmorowkeo 4 Chihmn eratey Ic ent, Mnchetsreqac :MELUCSRS.il SELLTHA wMbyrb AUICTIONI, rai, ct helr, Rohmneyan toilet3 OxfLastras,hdte, feathe 09Pheir nd TrierISDAY. On iewpror t ae Ctlge bf-AZ5e%lon L&Qr e 10 ouplt soeomdlhOn FTBurtorTucy). laig rb%n or-o ad seonary beodet,-oB amont hof whbm wit _~ coddncern. lt luge lidplla Wawhar.d5Brhobes rarsreet6 wihthin,% dosEn tables, Jn Ng. on 93, ilhpaurste-urect ithi-n.aebaeo AItlsoeta VaubemasoldenPltroest, and for fnt?wak,poed uno anIncoes o abutL BAlpRN wnn lm,SELL boys AUCTIO N, and O above, teMar,Brtho ofe-ne onCathriday.ji thet ; Janulary t or. bTdier. JLandseepe wit ouTr roms and othen-byuaed atoeac,wtr b ad and a rgoo supl owter ; 0o. 1W to18ri enatoisre,lv Onmre' New. tAown Sastirabrk.N Monr~ed y adtned su m evric y dlae hedpfor aE froprmf69 years.m ad1 of9 whih-erh olnepr on the 1dbko lhees powith coodtheonos onar.55,myb a ficmr.Adig ilimly.1,Sothoqsr. ra'sIn; t heand tL nIid,Lu-n thae L utAou of l4 PeU ofPagd, St rki NIol av.. mb 1MERS. kfttt wa B iWLL lTheM 1AL4I EA I P,et4jsey,the valumable STOOK of the Iat Mt JAtiamg ma USri4ns.fngir riugs, guard, Albr,atbe *td, WIta,. ati CbS mte ore,,and obarms, a,"is~.u be Po, ~edeftx character, aod Mtte best make olfn a~I hflleSAphie 13~oaota ad about 150 cIarsi4I ihe4.)im emerlds eapbtes, 0,name pearls, sonal,b.:I a Inoldio Soe peomof OiL English tPerlod o usAru.1e tdanddgn1~~mnUhfef aO0 Intipl Ujata.Ml6 5a&A20fe=ldfor ahout te yt=e, a tz £2g,ort,I 4th lmnc.. dil*t poageddon. MSESSIUS. FOSTER are directed to SELML by AUr& £LTION. on the PreLnie,e 15, Ra nO-;toe. lIpd-rrk itn0. nnmTomday. JTanuary 25. utld for -1 preesely, the d!tRO17W-MARp 18)yaccc= of tho excoalent moadern IIJKl1IOE. eatooinlg an'8~ aremdaLtloa for a famiuly of oonodifeabie nuimbing. heYin an 'Usfart StorY of be roOfas; the drawing rooms ate spector aNis aepat inlet the dimenelions of the dini ogmoo Wrtuld allow the INN nfargerermd dixnner table, alexeious comafort eelduqx atisinedt.n ainodas 1h0 a ,14B O ATlle lc. ~oavas birpATags, mel 2re la, sodt blte genore eqnlmbegst, o a seepetabhe fai,y tor..- - £artelrIi o the hou eermybed a 14 days beRSdfor wthe Mr.e ad! MIEr, JkOarker .aynardM,Sonm, Mand lld awo1,vlct.ofs 57, raveemjeau(l,ty and n I1~ e ft te, bu,suflm whR e rred tlkei toviw the pertm~mmkso SA. MS. JSRIANT, and iner JEFFER 12e it Lfetw bUse sino BELL1 beg&ot'O anoneto hGAs cligele thCeN nubile tia be ba. eoatere noa W&edNESII wa.2D3ish fOr. IO 1 WStBNiL for tefuturethe bunee 3 wll beArrledotus. thweUvalen; narat Brlnt nd effry,at enoegto-prk,~.,And alo a tsel wink 4a Atetnte a1e.To Coks,Conlotlo.Qh obfmeeer,lrom at ge s,7 OArsaidGlae thalia. nd timeo - - te011a WS SSP.3.ItIANT and JEFOE'EY have izrdelved SELLx-oa bo SELLON by AGereawayon ho rtskoei, Sa alley. Ma ornhll, So Wedttay Jan.20b Sat oW On TrecAel. wigta,7Z) 12 forye th atoste PL&SriOti&t LiWT.Rr ou ShNlZtItento EYtl& 2-1J 358 leaf bRE rrE3. aoati and auog No mll2, stse rfothe.ras;ing& nAMLoton*aik r m!eaand yvAu1 eseinzte Ociuartelobfts Ei.-t bi. *ale Pariguagalbrad, North Kempxton, Ioaqg LesooUtd~ Avingonea ' i WESSRS. BIRI&NT snd JEFI3'EY Wave roELLI* PatnPStruatl), t RX3LDrl, by stuf 107( d5 bolngh FNsN1, Sen llc plae, New lroad, Brixton Lanlet to abreaDeaonl tensant JatAe loW Nut ot J mr ann m; t LmS, 3omprs;n aron parm loa Leet P bGi. 2-et SArain, 1seaof bnes. nire, and sOblar molidtrr dTpinwg shetv.a city, I ud air pKeoaid. Epparst and tJefery's bdlsros, wt rn Su(on w.K imbstecte, I.gl;e1f;uooppzur, qEstt f W t, otls ereetouof endsheb an acblig,,porabLe -offe and ii x-.~ miAUO,IOnd vatlc eGfefwa, he bcMeliowed, Cdelis pe Oyorng o l Vawal-rsd, Iorh lrIztn.-ong eajhIn eth coigo, ati elsg £10 per annum.dulerS BRIAIT AndJIOFFRY wil BEd puKp PtEA.SEtIoc,l) HA WomActl LBsiaeh and, beIngeNo, 11),e anlfsNM place,Vassal-roa, Bu Aon, now et toe a&resekbetnata h cIty an aL beyrs BUOlant and Jeffer1'a ts, Cofesnimau-e. baf, 1 enr Thrsay, t Tueu March - acpIe, Ea cIolL DWEIHLUPI- HtSIUSE and U&NGet ,.of ~bdII for.- 14 br., MitON,t an tho t No, 4 13ark 14trce 5,Bunndnto16o, kowInthek ooDevtcuof a,,- lreatdble fteant ath £6 pee annm,. EThestremite lsto Hed%s pndir th W&Paby-o1f CornWall, p"ing thenuntry atn, atM thbec round rutoot £2 isi er annum. FolAyC ho viewe byLae-i suf tnml, sandp ith.- laeWn at1 orequs.e Bfrkanwtl and Jefey' oFii,ob rennlnto.-perk, anioL. and W11U. 5[oRonh-lre -aintatrayes*0nsre. B, En13ngb1nd-rl New ceot-oot anehod Bo.eoofh Allabtsi-B JM; ltErraoe, fdclnd,heneaak. il~J)Ef C, stuae ad bingNo.13.theToro, eulauias- rwbrentl,Maybeied br. leaeN af Mbm Ateat, Tand prnte pratlecla1.. so1lcdfor,dtorwhe-oMeiyb and at borna and Jefaro-x', ciL2g iCer, 2 llnnMgASON. athen 1t1-oo-p, k a , uedo.amusay1t, mbsreet Bat grae-sunars.B. W. rEeao teRlfl jVgtot %e MO.ln and Ponsneclab-il.ra ea,bp irMASN.Wetaint lbsrJ moenRsdos cosedosy, ,lacna U,o 13ti51,. sdol:10 lease a 4t 15e ande"Vo 17. E3aih-strl flevtordps*.- Neweelalroad lettoM.Tma at £52, held for BOYlo'. ea t ane.low Hofn%£7 La7 eroachNoU nine piroomducn Mona, JLm IOum:all leain frm thde landeeAm Haulgh-st Freet,l into lennttageHoah.? applDong. Jlet ato relpata n amteatryg ato £158, swlubjevs tof a rentof £5u. Wyatt,olelr of M7e:usters.le.%L-e anbSwd ltteet; aI? of lnthe rqnarem 5 Clneokenowell at 15-, Fnbr-lo rt;a Hinglan-rod, ew ont-ldroadzt. and out etb. l-B S.S9 and an 1,LeSONeWt U EhlSlan-ra by e oUl To Savhl ae gates aLulelc far threcyeFrs atie £2 1es,*hul oTta3ue lae ot at,letgas satnd loa rent ox the anl2to. Mr8 meo Xi. Hunterirrot ew not d, letW a T 45; iLOOOUD ffUSt andae PRE. tIoaS of knmowna thewisb and con, eshooor,, Witlbrn`ipngt6 ou.aquase1 Gtlde rLkenwey; and of th aUcbrIoneeer. F na ott-glacllIot. -elfr og Uamblrwi,lo.-B reli. MIndpratudhe Masrt, otuseday, .nuory1_ iSIS. In one romat, te:othsd Btk nTbrvell ofaWathlunrke gr.lvefronlthadand J letis, remlou edt Mse'r. h.bnejEuEmason. ACtaeadcvnna lus ,m. lgtheSShol BOND lfoypadeSO frning STB Xtnherd b al A s. TIrOho, all adhoinrg arlle oomthe at SeyOurtreldal Huinqa ronn rnedent, P JarhnuasofMeer.MdradWat fltos Cleent, lne:andridth autIoeer 15 iloebenlother Eakie,rth & Blanfo'dsquae, IlIlank,flolorn and erJSntt,gl tl.-., "d,; *al ON,1 oat the MaI,n toeaay anuayd 2 55,b ed,o thro rcto wandters,egg orme ztheo BrIt4s uetiet odtk 057 mooa,d tle lbesue; aWquatity Ofr, tE,. moddertcg 0n sid,xelnel cnaooriagsrclaeb rooms. wt re lon ts' ,eteleatse, backt cfir ulooc2.. ihto.s d.7. and .oire.Badodsur imoNe-roat et% to Mr. Titowe.dt£6;held 1: Wyav A.neo House. 7,e Lactymner-roo Nting. Stl. permurdtectug Lipranu:ta 58 peadI'res, ndalasin HFo,cm Haonre o..dnoivtal'winntori helBoeg.a, Ill oom,) lt a rets aouning o £?. articu'Vlar ftieSpe.. ofteacolloneer two Iron afebuy plas sOnuth, E SERS. DBONR Ad STOR( Il SELd SOIy AUC SELLN at &the M ,art,o on-ar. Jan,mv. atii jinX, Soy er"lar-o ThE EMDonisg,Ja. a CtYHO1) HOODS -of n Baopll l smvituatdiWiaW be'zingN.ii., saats.velvuet. DalatonI'essmd. neait te Ygs andes5eaxft let to. irDey.no and agrfeoemenzt foer alease oat £35tookannem;ve ansI hield On theMnro acny a eviwdb sreleo fte tenan. i'rtlclsreand cOndtiol ns of melte badof. I.OhppIl ES.,Solctr, t ydbmpo.DBN A , STO-yantnuruoe B.a S-. WMde menu.~ ~ ~ ~ eblt WL ESE, !INGHAnd SO -wzil t EL anouc AUO... by cTrie l of the PLsOTgAge and BUIoLDNG oILD-nw the la,Ho hurcha, Walth. ntownaferted fthor cofehoy ncte,o Wedncbad'spay hat,ondon 3Sells, packny,and 26, Ubra dge Cotreel, Yottplns.ti bel fo,rtlonbgr trims at th flow m ofn rets, androtuc il osr reta of £50d 14, anooe, gute-aplctof FreeholdNrsr r a Gond nth othu. 1'r.W. B. WHITTINGLE&M 'Wilt SElL by-, 1t at S for S In the eveuleg, n1 oa aubeIIEOI' SIJTlLDlIG orflGARDEN LA.ND. staei h ono trfr, Nint-teuthc of the pnrrha'e-money maw remionmtee,a£5 l(r cent, to be reDpaId in nineu annual. tlacmk s u hethl o arypart of the bsalance may be nald off at any tie-to'ooes Psbrtionlario And COntlitiono Of Wae MAY he had Ot r .I.Wttn. brrn, a'tihooffloes of the Briltc Land Company limtl,11,Mo. rILte-tret. LoudonEM.C.: andl st the placeo Of asIa Kent.-Horamonden andlUrenahley, Ml'ESSRS. CHARLTON are instructed tD o'ffer try - 4.kpubUte UOIEETITION, at the Ma%rt, iopposite the Sank ol,' Rnclisud. on Monday. Jaiuasy 18, the LI FE 1ls!TERMTIrof Means. 2tichsd aud Jaman Kaneraring, agel recoective7y 14 and 45, and one. undIvided Molety of the Reversion in Fee, of end In bloratmalableFIIEERCLD anrd compant MARKt known as Lower Rhmoshlol, on5 prlning %hout 81 acres of productive hop, frait, meadow, meablft ansi' wood toed, xabet ntlally brlck-built resloenoe. anid lWsecaS.iyaj_ nitu.- ral bolldLngs, let to a respectable tenant rat £1511 per annoor. suso thefollowing'raluneble propertIes Inx tbree lota :-IKAo L A. esakao'216o_.-- hold-leee of Otohurs, Meadow, and Arable lead, called icW FleldgJ - co0nttoleIDng ab out 5 amsce d esIAbly ai soate for buitdIng a pc OITHeu andxz~ acoitag in two tenements. lot 2. A doesrable Freabti Pn veri, known aPA-itt lAnds Domnprislo about 33 ama. of b~ garaic44 & wood land, two cottage bmar, san yards. LotS. LA-a)lrutr. Leesohold Farma, known as vadmonden. eobialuing meo s uace.oCho,, Table, meadow, and wood land, fami-howe, barq, tead iAbls, indgt--h and yard. and two cOttws ; keld under k&e'aae lot ermI Doonand0bhater of loheahrw rssesable evAe~sessn, Sit ns o ed, wih pasm,may sehdof MuldoonSat ... ageus, Tnbelge; r atthe neMis Mat, Lnte, Prite ad ubls.d y ilia Eedess utaarefNeLUd O* hoeaeaqssre,aJhe AUMn PstIN la..6 r
